[Music]
[Applause]
I'm going to turn off the music and put myself on
here
I put myself in the middle here What's going on
Son, here we are, here we are.
I had your desire for sauce, right?
It's just that many things have happened, many things have happened
things these days I've seen that was the
channel that didn't stop but oh well, there is
What to say: Good night, before
nothing good night from the Good nights
To all my people I must say that
looks were demanding me, that is, Saturday
at night and he sends me a WhatsApp and I
He says, What's up, aren't you going to open directly?
or what and I stay like this I say damn it happens to me
the cell phone battery had run out and
I say you'll see how I've gone up a
Main Channel video that may have caused confusion
anyone related to bad or something I don't know
I know I say and maybe I'm here without a cell phone.
I have found out nothing and just grab and
I turn on my phone and I get your WhatsApp
I say, well, something must have happened.
No, it's just that I've been feeling for a few days now
When they ask you directly, he came in to say hello
to the kids and suddenly it starts in
if they start everything Go up go up go up I say to
Seeing that you caught me busy in a roll mode
I'm in the car waiting for it to pass
one thing or I'm suddenly what do I know in
a restaurant looking at the mobile phone in plan
and I give a little wave and people get
nervous and I say that they are going to leave us
accumulate topics because it seems to be
that the gossip doesn't stop if it accumulates on us
people love you very much the people of the
The kids love you very much and are
asking me to invite you to do one
section with you directly I don't know if
you have seen the comments but they are
Bring them more often What a good tandem, right?
I know they are delighted with you
Oh, I'll tell you for myself.
I don't have any problem. What's happening?
Let's see what people think they have
accustomed to me always bringing it here
a lashing of News, I say, let's see, calm down
What I can do is comment
news with you, don't comment on gossip
because in fact Ricky Edith me
I would like to add a few things
Let's see, not everything, I haven't seen everything because
literally there is one I saw yours today
I have seen myself perhaps quietly
half but when I had already finished
watch a video in which you did it
within the main Channel format
has uploaded another dedicated video of 22
minutes that I have seen half then or
It's like I'm accumulating
content not In fact also the one that does not
the other is stopping making content
It is also required wings is a It is a
festival Then
What is Riki doing?
I don't like it because
damn, I would have made a good video, a good one
video like Well look I'm going to answer
and click on Dallas he responds or
be a video a video of the main one not
what I call a main video
But what he has done is record himself
reacting to the dala video and it's like
watch dala's video again
see it and well the answers are a little
Well, you empty the truth, that is, the four
clicks I've seen that don't want to debate
because it cannot coincide with him that
Now we will talk about that because you have
something to tell us
I really know what's going on. Well,
I think that let's see what has been noticed
little because of course you were here
another day and I said I didn't know either or
I knew it but I things You
you know that when you can count or
when the accounts are for work
See, I can tell you, I'll give you two
First I'm going to tell you two things
Well, but they say that I don't know what you
volume I would look at the volume issue
which then gives me as a spectator
rage when the volumes are now
same It's okay
Why do I have to look at it, I don't know, I don't know.
Who will I be able to watch it with, but oh well
with FJ I will call FJ and that I have made a
cable but but it only downloads a lot
times but now when I called you
I have it open here so that no, so that
don't happen like that, any trolling, go to
take it up the ass as they would say
They say in the chat that microchinese of the
stiff crab
of the crab Tell me, it does it to me
I do a lot when I'm live
They start, you can't hear them And they scratch me
They scratch because they are not aware
spectators that when you are in
direct when you hear it wrong
you worry about what you have to put your
better poker face let's see I hope that
You can hear me well because the other day I saw
that I sounded very snorting
because he had a lot of profits and he
If you hear me wrong, let me know and I'll correct myself.
the profit, the two things I wanted
To say that the topic Ricky is good, there are three in
The first truth is that indeed
It was me who went to dinner with him, I say it.
because I mean, I find myself lately
The other day it does make me laugh because of
suddenly it's like I come in here I am
talking about nimu and you tell me not to talk
so much encouragement I mean something else and
I say Ah, they have already told you with
who I went to dinner with and I hadn't given him
no kind of importance and you say
Well I don't know what Ricky you get up from the
Chair, let's go
If you hadn't noticed, you get up
from the chair and you put on a [ __ ] circus
If anyone hadn't noticed, huh?
So many topics and so many weeks with Ricky
with Ricky with Ricky Finally there is
pronounce Ricky and you get a lot
Sometimes it doesn't come out right on its own
What a coincidence, we have to go out there for dinner.
a kiss
My boyfriend and I made you a drawing for
We will send your birthday to you by md of
Instagram is the one that gave you the thumbnail
From Mr. Redoxon I love you. Ah, but I don't
I agree with the user. But how strange? Put me
any message for me Hello Give me one
woman, everyone does it to me, yes
I'm telling you to do that to me, I'm clear
because it's strange that it happened to me because
I'm reviewing the MDs carefully these days
in case you send me information
contact and so on then you went to
Had dinner with Ricky the other day, I looked at it, huh?
I look at your drawing I look at it and when I
I look at you, I talk to you, then you went to dinner
with Ricky the other day exactly what
day
Well, I don't know, I live in Narnia, but well,
another day the other day the day that the day
from the day before I passed by him
you would comment directly
I could look at it for you on the day Exactly Yes but
It was already in the mood for the topic
delicate no I mean there was already La Movida
strong no Oh no yes it was strong it was
The day was very hard, the night of the 23rd was very hard
He told you something about me and he got angry
with me
Well, I talked about several topics with him.
I spoke to him obviously, I commented a little
Well, how you were dealing with the issue
we talk about Dallas we talk about this
and let's see, I can tell you that it was two o'clock
The three things I wanted to comment on
first era that had actually gone
I am actually going to have dinner with him
that Dalas mentions in his video that I
It's funny because it has already put me in a
couple of changes that people don't notice
It counts because Dallas takes it and says, Hey there
a boy or a friend or a and I say let's see
Dalas was that I don't care you can say
my name that I do not care about you is to say in
In any case, it would bother me, yes yes
were a very delicate subject or something
But what I say to Dara is
things that I already assume that at some point
can be made public You know why already
I know that the guy takes that information and without
ask me the public one so I'm going
without fear of success literally when
I talk to him and I know that there is that good thing
option not the same as when I talk to you
Anyway when there is something that is not
I want it to be known But I'll clarify it for you
so that you take it into account
and I already have everything in its right moment Not everything
in due time Then of the
There are two other things, one and that is I do know
everything about the debate there yes
We can talk because none of the
two parts have told me that I can't
do it so I can talk about whether there is or
there won't be or what could have happened there
with the topic of the debate between the two of them and
then the other point is that and there you go
You're going to kill me because obviously, well
You will be eager for me to tell you but
I have given my word and I am my word
As you can understand, I have to comply with it.
I really know everything that has happened
with Ricky and with and Bueno and with Lali no and
I know the true story
at least the real version that can be or
not be the one that spreads on networks that I
Ricky has commented and what I can tell you
To say is that I understand perfectly what
what are you doing I'm on your side
Ricky I say it publicly I am from the
Ricky's side I think Ricky is
going through a very bad time and I have seen it and I know
that he is having a very bad time and I think that
If people knew 100% of the
story that is what I told you
last time that is that sometimes people
believes with data that the conclusion to the
that they arrive makes sense and is coherent
but there is a lack of data, there is a lack of context that
stop it maybe we would change our
opinion no So I think that there the
The problem is that since people don't
I know and I don't know if they're going to end up
knowing the full story that
In the end, it is the personal story
of two people who must remain between
they are worth it. It already seems Hardcore to me that it is
have made public I think it has been a
error I can also share it with you
things about them that are made public and
monetizing it as well. So it's them
those who have put history in the
palestra are they what those who have
open the door to give an opinion
speculate what I can I what I can
I can, if you want, I can give my opinion.
about what is public you tell me
Look, this is public and I'll give you my opinion.
So my opinion about it
public and I completely pretend
[ __ ] as far as I know is
say I can do that because I know
I know how to get into the role of forgetfulness
what I know and I have an opinion on what there is
I can do that, it's not a matter of
that I cannot give an opinion is a subject that
I can't reveal to you what I do know because
I have given my word that it will be so and
I think in the end it is and I say it
openly I don't mind saying it myself
I don't consider him a friend and I think he
He doesn't consider me a friend because he still
We don't have time to meet and everything
but if it is a person who does not
It would bother me if he were my friend in the future
and I think he's a great guy or
I think Requirite is a [ __ ] guy.
mother who is not having a good time and I think
I think that is important that the
people keep in mind it was falling
bad lately in fact we had
quite cordial lately but
Here's how it's going
the things these last few days that I
I understand, eh, I want to think when
He's taking out I don't think he is.
doing well I don't think there is I think there is
The problem is that he has been involved
in a situation that he wanted
avoid And when you find yourself there
You say what the [ __ ] do I do, I mean, it's that I
I put it to you in another way, no. And what?
when they are topics What happens if you have
a couple What happens if you have one
couple and that Twitter thread comes out
You wake up and see that Twitter thread what
Damn, how do you react but the first thread
the first thread that Lali makes is [ __ ]
he proposes
Well you see that and say [ __ ] and there
you have to see how to manage it
you know how to say
The point is that Twitter threads I
I think they have been chosen very badly
words I think everything has been explained
all in an order that perhaps it shouldn't be
having explained myself like this, I explain it to myself. It is
difficult and then again it is a very topic
delicate, you don't know if it was infidelity
you don't know if it was the v word, let's go
I'm writing down all the topics that I
They are mentioning it, I am pointing it out
so that we don't get any backlash, okay?
which then makes me very angry because
When I review the conversation with you we say
something like in the air and then at the end we
we got into a mess talking about what's going on
good chemistry between us and that's
good sign but we left things in the
inkwell And then so that I don't get
I forgot, let's start with that one, that's why
because of course I think it is key Before
to talk about other things, not about what
what has been said about what happened the other day
between the two of them and the rest of the topic of the
relationship that you are telling me I don't know
know if there were horns or not
Okay, here I can tell you that the
people who were at the party with
she
It is very clear that there was no abuse and
that in case Lali gets over it
by the head to denounce or put a face to it
publicly to
the person they are accusing is going to go
with everything against her
Well, it's an opinion, it's a testimony, no
in plan
you've been you've been in that
party no no me no Me neither then
Let me explain. No, but what I can tell you
the thing is
There are conversations from her in which she
is asking friends
Conversation is a nuance that lives
a conversation that left me amazed
which I later saw was false, not that it
They had already dismantled it because it was an edit that
conversation is already 100% proven that
It was fake, no
She denies it to me, I have seen a
Twitter thread from a guy who actually
repeats the same conversation with ibai and
which proves that it is and proves that it is
false because if you lower the brightness or the
saturation I don't know what stories you can
see that it is false Okay then too
I tell you when I saw that conversation
I said listen what a crazy thing you know like
just like when I saw certain linden trees
What have I said God What madness but what
What happens is that I think it is not there.
of bad or it is not too much to take and
Let's say let's see if this is true or not
question it Because I personally
I've had a lot of bits made of
tweet conversations about things and not
I'm the only one who has had edits done
done a lot to you too
the information that I have I have to
say what I have and what I have is
that Lali, what I have is a person
that spreads that conversation creates a
multi-account that coincidentally has
some initials and has some names
similar to her friends who
They were at the party but well maybe
It's a coincidence, according to her, I mean
to the Instagram conversation Yeah yeah
Yes, yes, and she denies me the conversation.
roundly
She flatly denies it to me that you
You ask me my opinion. I am that
Like a guy who proved he was
false Look, I'll send you the thread Yes but no
I can encourage you to see this for me.
It convinced me a lot. Oh well, I can see it.
here on the mobile Yes look here it is I am
that I saw This is worth it here it is explained
even below he explains how he did it
manipulated
and here in this other thread it explains how
It's false to me, I initially felt that I
I thought the conversation was real because
It seemed very real and then I saw this guy
and today I think it is false
which doesn't mean it can't be real
what you say because the
conversation to see what is being supported
That's what I'm telling you, no, no, let's see.
in the video that I make in which because
There are many people who say Javi It is that it is
that you have made a video about a
combination I have not made a video
about some conversations I have made a
video with a lot of information and one of the
video data has appeared this
account putting these conversations that
So far I have not been able to confirm
that they are real in what way I confirm
Yes, let's see because I understand that everything is
can edit So I understand that
any of the editors we have
We, I tell you right now to invest
make me have a conversation by talking
with this one no but in this case in
In this case, if you see one, I don't know if I can do it.
If I can pass links I will try
send a link if they block me then
I'm sorry but well I have sent you a
link which is the Twitter thread of
where I saw that Galindo 13 does it
with
two or three Well, well, well, that's it
Galindo's Twitter thread
Let me tell you that I, what I, in
I'll give you the information in the video and then
when Lali, let's see when Lali lies
Well, I tell you, well, look, Lali,
deny my video anyway
It is not based on the combination is
based on everything you're tweeting
all the hints all the
photographs all the comments and everything
what your friends are putting on the ones who
were with her at the party on social media
Yes, it is true that I contact with
them and from the beginning in a
First of all they talk to me and I
first of the first things that they
I ask is Hey this conversation the
you are posting you are the one of this
multi-account to know if it is
conversation is real or not and they me
They leave it on read and I ask them two or three times
sometimes he hears that I'm going to make a video, I tell him
denies no I mean it didn't cost anything to say
I'm not going to tell you anything about the Javi issue.
but I am not of that account and that
I am not aware of the conversation. But
Well, I would take it. No, I never say so.
that this combination is real now
I don't know all the testimony of whether they are
horns or they are not horns is not based on that
conversation is false or true OR
either way, I totally agree that that
I didn't want to arrive either, what do I say?
I think the conversation at least the one that
from Instagram that has been leaked
Instagram where I did things like me
I would like to repeat or I don't know what and what it was
roll let's see was the conversation said no
I think my friend Nos no but I think that
My friend has seen us, I will talk to her later.
she That's what I mean Okay then That's my
personal opinion after having seen
how they have dismantled that it is supposedly
false I think it's false now well
the conclusions you can draw
arrive in your video that is another topic is
say I don't want people to think
that I say how this test is false
the whole video is fake no I am on board
I agree with what you say that
in the end you may have used a
set of tests to arrive at a
conclusion and that one is false no
implies that the rest of the things you have
let's say used to get to a
conclusion are not true or you cannot
reach that conclusion without that
conversation in fact I will tell you more to the
conclusion that you may have reached
I could have perfectly arrived
without seeing any conversation I one
opinion, that is to say, I can have
an opinion that I actually had
previous opinion talk to Ricky I can you
share my opinion before speaking with
He can't tell you if it was right or not.
No, because I am committed to not
I can say whatever I want today but
If I can tell you until before I
I would talk to him because what I could
to give an opinion is not, in any case, a matter of topics
As I told you the last time I was there
Here I think they are very delicate to me
It is very embarrassing to talk about this type of thing
things but I always prefer to talk about it
although it is not that people can speak
there to the right and left because I have
I've seen some channels. I think you have.
that you are doing it within what fits
Good. But there are people who are coming.
up saying nonsense and I think that
in the end
No, I haven't seen other videos from others.
colleagues But well, I'll take charge
There are people but let's say there are people who are not
that you will know that suddenly to which
They see that they can make firewood from a tree
fallen they go full throttle no I think that's it
a mistake because tomorrow it could be you
that is there Then I think that
you always have to think about how you
I would like to be treated no Then I
There you are, Feli
How did you say firewood from a fallen tree? No
I could have done it perfectly
because look, they hit him with a Saskatchewan Rick and
the other day in the tweet that he put me when
you block me he got angry sincerely
He got angry too quickly for my taste and
blocked too quickly for my liking when
you dedicate yourself to this you have to have the
slightly thicker skin But oh well
I understand that it is the moment in which
we are right now but it is true
that a kid told him because he tells me
Ricky you have hired Why having
access to me you have not contracted and it is like
It's just that I don't have to contrast with you
conversations that are supposed to
They are Lali's. I mean, you don't have anything.
I agree no no I agree
I agree on that in the end and also what
Damn, so your job. I mean, you have
hired me when wismichu you
I put that combination and you called me old
green anyway but I'm not going to go into that
because I am not dealing with the subject and
I'm giving my opinion on something that Ricky
Because I already had that problem with Ricky.
I fixed it or it happened if I wanted you
say that I have seen that part.
What you mentioned, I saw it in your video and
I congratulate you there because I think that
being able to put the finger on the wound and
You've been good for a reason, I know.
I think in the end this is what matters
I tell you too, I see in the chat
a lot of people and I tell you one thing I sail
Between two seas I know many people
I think there are a lot of people from all sides
that the problem you have is like
which is full Bara or full Madrid or
full Ricky or full Dallas I'll take
Well with both I tell you and I think it is
perfectly viable that they in a
Parallel world in which there would not be
had a problem between them if they carried
Well because I know both and I'll tell you one
thing has many things in common but
seeing the behaviors is that look
not today is impossible today is
impossible
I hope that when everything is going well
calm down and settle your mind because it is
talking about things that [ __ ] him and I
We have talked about them, I am not going to go into
what in private conversations neither
nothing like that But damn, what do I know?
I have explained them and I have explained them to you
well and he's releasing them there like
I understand that you are in your AC with the other and
They are both saying their things to each other but
It's that I
I don't agree with the things he does later
If you want, I'll give my opinion, which I know.
that people want my opinion Look at my
opinion and it is an opinion that I had before
from that dinner So it may be right or
I don't say it sincerely, that is to say, I'm not going
to show any kind of clue as to whether it is
right or wrong Because I have given my word
that I wasn't going to say what I know but if
I can tell you what I thought
I thought from what I've seen that it wasn't
I've seen it all too, I say it eh me
There may be data that I am missing. If you see
that I say something that is a
barbarity because now it has come out
information that says otherwise because
You ask me this but I have been since the last one
time I spoke to you my theory was
quite simple and it is the fact that
because of how things had been raised
I made myself understand that more than a one
one can say abuse No yes more than
It seemed to me more like an abuse than a
covering up horns that gave me
The impression is worth it because I believe
that if they abuse you, you don't put so much effort into it
text you don't put so much of not good
hints now bother me I don't know what my
opinion is worth the feeling that I would have
had Then I think there comes a
moment when you find yourself cornered and in
Lali's case says damn Well I'm going to
say whatever it takes to get out of the
What happens is that being such a topic
delicate I can't say Well I think
that he is lying because imagine
put it or let it be that two three five for
percent chance that it really
It was an abuse that in my opinion
It wasn't okay because I haven't been there.
but the way things were being presented
information normally when there is a
abuse is like people going in a way
direct to say that I have been abused, you know that I have
After this, then what I believe is
that maybe because of the delicacy no and
the very sensitive point that is topic one
cannot categorize what has happened
No, and even less so if you haven't been there yet.
Well, if you say there are friends of Lali
who have been at that party they say
that he has the balls to report that
we're going to blow it up, I think that if you
you have committed a crime the last thing you
we are going to do is like encouraging the
I don't ask if they'll report you, no
I know, that is to say, when I see, for example,
Dallas saying okay go no when he spoke
for example with cristinini who
Cristinini tells him the mythical "I'm going to tell you"
to report Dallas says to me thank you and
He laughs, he doesn't say anything, and he says to me seriously
then and that's where I realize
that maybe if someone is saying baba
Report me if you have the balls, it's because it's
very sure that he will win that he can
make mistakes anyway, then I think
that at that point the story that you
accounts make some sense is a
conclusion to which I could have
arrived from there how it has
reacted Ricky I'm not going to lie to you
I haven't seen Ricky's videos because
They have become very boring to me and I
I told him in person that they have been made to me
much more boring than usual By
Why is it not the only one that is energizing by
example an eh what he does with arta that
It makes me laugh a lot or when he does a
Twitter site that I really like that one
content but it is more of a very topic
It's serious, it's noticeable that it's more difficult there.
Well, add humor because you can't.
sometimes even the episodes and it shows
It's [ __ ] up and I've seen it [ __ ] up and I
I've seen him screwed up and I send him many
Cheer up because it makes me angry, I swear.
Seriously when I see people in the
youth that seems to exist
someone that there are people here who don't have
feelings and I say let's see friends that I
I know you might like Dallas a lot, but I do.
I also love the content of Dallas
I really like Dallas there, I get along very well
Well, I was talking to him the other day.
with him but from there we are going to attack without
asking us nothing and not caring about anything
anyone you give it to
I dedicate a video, it seems like a mistake to me, okay?
because in the end without going any further in the
past you yourself made the mistake of
criticize Dallas You were wrong and
There you rectified, I think that all the
world can rectify I believe that everything
the world Eh can have an opinion that
is biased or is wrong
Then he tells me enterox sold and I say
sold little in fact criticize it
You can criticize everyone, of course.
It was the one I got out of hand but oh well
Sure, but you went too far because you also
There was a lack of information because maybe
was being at that moment you were
from a side where I know it, I know it
people who are friends of wismichu and wismichu
They eat a lot of heads, you know. So yes.
They really mess with your head
finally there comes a time when no
you can see it another way I what
I try for the position I'm in
because in the end I am in a position
that I try to be as neutral as possible with
anyone and with any topic
It is still having an opinion that I give you
I can share just like for example you
I said that Ari Gameplays and Juan Guarnizo
I think they are some [ __ ] fakes.
other things that I believe in
neutral position is sometimes the most
comfortable and the most logical in this case I
I think there is some information that
Obviously we cannot have
until they make it 100% public and
that today with the evidence that there is
or with the things that have happened
Logic tells us that what you are
saying you makes sense I mean I don't
It seems like you're saying none
barbarity, let me explain
No, let's see, I have, I mean, my opinion.
that you have seen both videos not them
two of the main ones and then those of the Canal
and other longer and more rights
But the two of the two videos of the
main thing that I have launched that you have
seen with the exclusives
not at the full planned 80%
Okay, so there's a lot of information there.
are contrasted others may be
with some Mati I don't tell you what I know
I can deny some but what is the
conclusion that forms this plus this plus
this
I have already said it many times, I know it is
a very delicate subject and I am going to
feel very bad If suddenly you can
prove that there is abuse but it is that
I see it as very bad and with more things than not
I have told because although Ricky has
angry and he thinks that I am I am
keeping even things that I don't tell
but
I believe I believe I believe that with the
Time will tell, anything goes. That is to say
For those who ask, I didn't say one here
del oxx But you really know The
I really do know the truth about Ricky, that's it.
I really don't know, I know the truth that
he has shared it with me privately
Outside of the videos again I don't know everything
what is public and not by
that about that topic also the month asked me
Please don't tell anything like that.
I'm not going to tell anything but I haven't either
seen your videos So I don't know what either
So much truth is known if I didn't tell you Look
Well, 70% of what he has said or what he has said
He told me 1070, you know, let me explain.
I just know that there is information that
today has not been shared and that and
that information is missing, context is missing
So that means that everything that
It has been said that it is a lie, no, it does not have to be
what being a lie does not mean much less
that there is information missing and you do not
you can in the end there are movies that if you
certain scenes are missing you just can't get it right
understand or have a very meaning
different So I think it is
It is important that people know that and now
It is and I'll tell you one thing, it's in me.
your right to forgive him for cheating
I also tell you that he can take
Maybe they have a context or already
better whole
What I ask you is a question
You say he has no right to forgive him no
I know what but they haven't stopped following each other
now again
how do you interpret that
I interpret it as that they have returned to
break up but I don't know I think they're back together
to break
Surely when these have come out
new information
I think they are already contacting
people are trying to stop them from coming out
more things
What I said in the video today, man.
of the main one, that is, it is very difficult that
me right now and you will see that although I
I took away obviously I have more
relationship and I get along better with Dalas than
with Ricky but with Ricky I didn't have either
bad relationship at the moment or so no
I'm not going to tell you Ricky I don't believe you
girlfriend because because she gives to the other, that is, me
from the beginning You know that you
You came up here I told you Okay let's go
be careful we will be But
as information has been coming out
We are not actually going what we thought
At first it was that the girl said
the truth is and I was not in agreement with that
I agree to give it to you from the beginning
I don't believe it, I saw this, I saw this
in your video and I share the vision there
that I had Dallas at the beginning too and
I told you I was here, damn if they are
saying This will be that perhaps it is
true No because if they are not words
older but then you see the How
we are talking and especially to me what
It broke my mold when Dallas
He put the scheme that temporary you know
when you start making that graph
temporary What do you say or the story that you
They are counting is false or there has not been
An abuse is that conclusion that I draw
Okay, the conclusion is that it is that
when I saw the Dallas video because
when Let's see, let's see, abuse hasn't happened
there has been none to play with those
Things are not worth it to me either, man, that is, abuse, no
I see none of her the next day there
There are videos, there are twists, there are messages from her
with friends The thing is that I don't
I'm going to take them out But there are messages with the
her friends asking friends
Please, you have to lie with me.
You have to lie to Ricky for me there
those messages are public, that's what they say
They have and there is audio And that's [ __ ] what
madness have you heard any of those
audios I have seen the messages and
I'm not going to lie to you about messages.
eh I haven't seen anything but it seems like a
little or rather I have messages for myself
Knowing how easy it is also goes
Of course, but an audio, an audio, yes, for
I would be quite quite key could
be false But there are people there are people
that she is willing for her to be
dare to give the name that gives you a face
to the boy who was supposedly abused
She and there are people who say we are not going to
allow an innocent kid to eat
This is because she has put the
horns on the other and she has stories
from Instagram videos photos and a lot of
things from that same night and she's not there
unconscious and the next day she
He's having a great time. He's laughing.
She is talking about it with other friends.
a lot of things There are a lot of
things and she knows it and she
Ricky from the first day Ricky is already here
noticing something already Ricky is noticing that
She is hiding things from him but according to
She doesn't tell him until 3 or 4
weeks because I was not aware of the
abuse come man let me see one
ask I tell you sincerely but I
I always try to be as impartial as possible.
It is possible that they say here I understand that
Some say it as a joke
I understand. It's okay. But there are people who
says delux bleaching I would like to know
what am I whitewashing who it is
All I'm asking is that it's a
serious topic, damn, that people have
minimum respect and in no case am I
saying Ah look Lali is a being of light and
require is another Not me what I have said
It's Lali's, I haven't given an opinion if you
you realize Lali doesn't give an opinion and
and Ricky's if he is someone that I
I appreciate him and I say it openly.
But I tell you more if I have a
friend I appreciate or someone
who I appreciate and who is the one who messes up with me
the first one who goes and I tell him you have
[ __ ] myself because I'm that kind of
Friends then don't, don't scratch that surface.
aspect worth I hope someday I don't know about the
situation but if it happens you see that
Indeed it is so.
in the Look at the attitude that is
having Ricky's first moment with
she no longer talks about the videos that
is doing now and so on but the
attitude that Ricky is having with her
From the first moment with her everything
that count when she has the attempt
autolytic
If you have Ricky with her, it is
that he doesn't believe it or that it's Ricky himself
He doesn't believe it. He doesn't travel from the city when
She is supposed to want to commit suicide
I tell you this, I ask you this in another way
I ask you in another way, you
today with all that you know what
summary would you make of a minute someone who
He doesn't know about the subject, what would you tell him?
In the past, what I would say is: Well, look
Ricky has a girlfriend is a couple
distance is a couple that is good
the truth is not seen much to make one
long-distance relationship between two
cities that are so close Well the
The truth is that they don't put their all into it.
part to spend the maximum time
possible together and distrust each other
another we are young one has an ego
The other has a certain halo of toxicity and
In short, what happens here is that the
girls start to get excited about another
kid and another group of people
is about to kick Ricky
he cheats on her at a party
after cheating on him he is
testing the waters to see if he can
continue meeting with them and organize another
party and such what happens is that in that
interval at which it tries again
to stay with it or to let something happen again
the other catches her and she starts lying to him
for not recognizing it, he feels sorry for the attitude
or how he puts it or whatever it is that
It is invented that there is abuse and it is put as
excuse that there is abuse and the lie
They are taking So far so far so
so far that they can no longer go back
would be the first example of a person
that takes the lie so far that it is already
that is impossible I wonder I wonder eh
I mean, because seeing this story I
I ask, and why would I make 25 videos?
If this suddenly happens to me, no
what you are saying I have one
My partner is unfaithful to me and pretends to be abusive.
give me the excuse because the hell would I have
to defend her And why would I have to
get myself into this mess. Not because I know
put That's what makes me that's what
what does it make me if I had put it in
half to this day Ricky still does not
I would have released neither the teaser nor the video
explaining neither the Twitter video nor the
series because the series is
answer it has recorded it once with the
girlfriend and again he just recorded it first
with the girlfriend but look at you also the
contradiction that he says I have recorded
with or so he records it first with his girlfriend
but then he uploads a video saying that
I'd better just do the series.
I'm going to do it alone because my girlfriend
remembering all this makes him feel very bad and
It's like But if you've already recorded it I mean
What do you know? What I'm telling you?
You are recording Now just because you
They are criticizing you for doing it with your
girlfriend understands me he takes it and says it
There was the series, the series with my girlfriend
series answering the da the era with my
girlfriend but
I better do it alone because yes because she
He's remembering things and crying and I don't know
what is it like But if you have already recorded it
What happens is that in the middle of editing you
have you noticed that people are looking after you
criticizing and now you have done it again
record but alone, that is, it doesn't make sense
none I believe that at some point
the story I think Ricky will give
realize when it cools And assimilates all
the situation I hope you realize
the mistakes you are making and
of attitudes. I mean, let's see, I think that
It was a success to record the series only De
I wouldn't have recorded it anywhere.
case with her initially and in fact you
I will say more I would not even have
made a video initially or so I think
that the problem is in when and I think
that people have to learn this already
when you have a problem with your partner
It has to stay between you and her, you know.
I think the problem is when you do it
clear public from the start the subject of
Twitter for me the best way would have been
Hey you know we've gotten heated
This has gone too far, let's go to all the
threads everyone should delete their tweets and
we don't decide and that's it if we don't say and if
They ask him at some point: Well, look.
we got heated, we had fought and
we put things that weren't outside and that's it
I think that was the point and
then it is true that Dallas
Well, he came in at a moment.
Key has been able to point out four things and
generate a virality of something that already exists
per se it was being very viral and then
Well, a ball has already been generated
Inevitable snow is coming
getting bigger and bigger I don't know how it's going to
finish this
What is happening to me is what is happening to you
passing Ricky and suddenly Imagine
who makes me a video
Turbo plan another Dallas another Joan flat and
another video wismichu I don't appear
running the next day I bring O
be no you have not gone to the hospital when you
girlfriend was committing suicide you haven't
changed cities but Dallas makes you
a video and you run to your girlfriend
Zaragoza is brought to you by Andorra and in less
You have 24 hours
you have settled the situation
Okay, what you're going to talk about, record it.
a teaser you record a video you edit the
swear words and you make a video responding
to Dallas, so you don't have
threatened by checking his earpiece
phone with jail for me if I
were in that situation
What do I care about the videos that are
doing the Dallas or any youtuber me
I take it and when the situation is already
calm down, I'll make a video answering you
to Dallas or a series whatever you want but
already well done, calm with your head in
conditions a good video edited with
argument but it seems that it was
desperate for Dallas to tell him
four words and answer it again
It is that it gives more importance to the fact that Dalas
make a video that addresses the situation
perse yes sadly sadly yes no
I know if it has also been the case
better a strategy to divert the
attention elsewhere I don't know
I don't know, I'll tell you in the end, I think
that has been managed very badly
I would have personally managed everything
very very different but I also understand
that you have to find yourself there to
know how you would do it you know I hope not
never find me there if you like
because in the end I don't want to be me either
I think everything has already been said in that
aspect we can go to the other thing that you
I wanted to tell you what the topic is
debate debate
I was talking to him about how you have
discussed the topic he had talked about
I didn't tell him that I had come to your
channel and that I had commented
precisely that you had weighty reasons
to be able to put the finger on the wound and
I could have been tough on him for what he
he had done in his day with the
conversations of wismichu and miar and
all this and I told you what the hell it was
your chance to try to prove
that sensitive issues can be addressed
with maturity and mark a do not give a
example and that you had decided that way
do it and he said he was grateful
that you were treating him like that and
also from me not for having proposed that
if it were done like that then I in that
aspect I think that he until that moment did not
I had no problem with you or anything
I think he has blocked you now.
That's why you didn't say that, well, there will be
something that you might not have liked but
I also tell you I think it should be
very sensitive and raises the block and that's it
We'll talk about it when it cools down.
when but I think that with Ricky you go
to be able to fix things
I don't have any problem with him but
Boy, let's see if you have made this public
I have to work and I think we're going
that if my tone had been different
It would have been different But and I tell you
new that although I have a good relationship
With Ricky I don't think you have... I mean
that you have given him reasons to
block the same there are things that I don't
I know but what I have seen publicly
the one who has to be offended or the one who is
What has to be mad at me would be Lali who
is the one I don't fully believe.
criticizing him yes I criticize him the only thing
What I can criticize him for is his attitude
is having the attitude with the videos
that is having with Dallas and some
little things that we've been around here
watching some clips he is hinting at me
that I am a dog that has a leash
short, well, we'll talk there when it's
Calm down now. Thank you very much for what you did to me.
grace and with this we can give way to
topic of the debate I did here Santi
I think that if the Ricky Dallas debate
becomes in-person and ends with
Dallas' mouth-watering food with Ricardo
We are clear, no, I think they end up
a couple of big slaps Look, I can help you
say one thing and when I was there I was
not here and when the subject was given to me
from dinner, which in fact I ate it with
Ricky proposed because I sent him
Well when you told me not about the first one
tweet was that I wrote to Ricky and
Well, I can tell you what I told you.
Oysters, I don't know if this is true or not.
No, I think it must be a joke.
byte not as they have done before
but I went into WhatsApp and saw that it had been
put the colored profile picture
black and in the description it had been
chief position
It was very virus zzzz greetings and happy
belated birthday grandpa
on Twitter Well now we'll talk about
Cheer up, I'll have to write it down later.
Ok then what happens that I see
Where was I going when I saw that and said [ __ ]
Well, I don't know if it really got complicated and
I sent him encouragement and I hope that
be a byte I don't know what but if it is if you
Something happened with Lali and me in that
moment I thought I thought that
simply at that moment there had been
an infidelity would have left him already or
be what I had read seeing the
first thread no And I said and what if it happened
something like that man cheer up Anything I
You say the days passed and the other day was
who answered me and said uncle thanks or
I don't know how many By the way, do you want to go?
to dinner and I told him man of course
Yes, I didn't go to dinner alone with him.
There were a few of us Vale and we went to
have dinner there In fact dinner came too
nimu
We are there, they have gathered, not very Ricky
in the same space Yes yes very well cheer up
spirit has not given him an order of
distancing no no everything is fine with her
everything is fine, fine
Ricky when he saw Animus said, "Well, neither."
What you've done isn't that bad either.
I tell you one thing and I'll give you one.
headline I think after the
people watch nimu's podcast a lot of people
go no I'm not saying they're going to apologize
because I know that people don't do it there
issues where he has been wrong and what
says it openly and I think that's where it is
people say Ok Look at this really it
did wrong but there are many things that
that have been criticized, encourage them again
context is missing, things are missing and even
There are some that are outright lies, no
what is the accused Then I believe
that may be interesting for people
I see it and well I'm not going to say anything
because I know that if I say no now it is that
None of us know what these people are going to say.
whitening watch the [ __ ] podcast and that's it
I'm telling you that when you see it or
You have an opinion. I won't say any more later.
If you want you can tell me topics that interest you.
I would have liked to ask him and you
I say whether I have asked them or not and that's it.
So then we went to dinner and everything.
and then I was like that
I knew you were there for me.
Andorra and I told him and I told Dallas you
Look, Ricky is here if you want.
Because I'll put one thing in context for you.
If you want, I'll tell him if you can come over.
greet in a good way then this is for you
I say because Dallas A few days ago I
He wrote to me and said, Would you like to organize?
a debate with Ricky and me in person
without fear of success
That was what Dalas proposed to me before
that Dallas made public that
invited Ricky to a debate and before
that Ricky I don't know what before all this
Okay, I mean literally it came to me and I
He proposed that, I told him, man, if you
It seems. Of course I am, that is, clear.
full throttle with them
and I'm going there too, of course. I read.
I read Hello, do you want this exclusive? It's what
that I was reading, you know, like my
eyes made gum you know and look that no
I do it for money but I still know that
It's a golden opportunity, isn't it?
I said No, of course, how could I not love it?
I told him the subject was very
delicate and at that time I still didn't
I had received a response from Ricky, okay or
If there had been an answer it had been a
thanks I don't know what something like that is worth then
I said damn look this is the opportunity to
to pose the debate to them in person. That is
I literally go with both of them together and
I tell you the sight I can make of
moderator if you want just like I have
been able to gather here if you want we can set up
This and that's when Ricky told me
that no that he couldn't that no because he didn't
I would like to but because I couldn't come
Dallas and I said to him, Why didn't you tell me?
no because we have to be in
the same room and I told him
And that he reported you or something? Not me.
the truth is that I in the matter of complaints
Like everyone else, people are
I got a little lost when I reported it. Oh what?
by the way
has made a video Turbo plan I can say
I don't care about the name, I've made a
Turbo plan video saying it has arrived
that I have not reported him. Not clear.
Report the report, my friend, I know you're going to
Let's see turboplanola, greetings, the complaint
It hasn't arrived yet, it's going to arrive.
I estimate that in about a month and a bit
why first of all sadly
Justice is slow, I see in Andorra
You live in Spain and I need and for
Now I still have to give powers to the
attorney so that you are grateful
The complaint is drafted. In fact, it is already
presented fault that the attorney does
your work and that's it and then to the other
kid, yes, I should have
arrived I have not sent the other one yet
because the other one says you read you read
no no I I read I read that is it
notified this is notified And that
is already waiting for the response from
the answer to the claim which is what
that comes now and set a date and
new I did not threaten anyone that
suddenly it is being said that I am
threatening me
the video that made you the video and that
I tell you that you can delete the video if
You want me to not have downloaded it yet
like all the others you've done to me
an idea that can be had when it comes to
It's that it's very I tell you it's that I
They make it very easy if you are
reporting a person with reason
last thing you should do is follow
making videos of that person giving it to him
more reasons for me to beat you But oh well
I mean freedom of expression doesn't bother you
the fourth no one has sued me
I have continued making videos of everyone but
I sincerely yes but it is not a good one
idea If you're going to [ __ ] yourself as a fact
he personal assessment
Scammer has mocked again
mocked even the lawyer I believe in a
click that they sent me, they sent me today a
you also insulted me I think you have
called dog we didn't put it here no
I know the truth So it is still
waiting for the demand of windy that these
They are threats to Chantal But what I
Yes, I can guarantee and I am not lying that the
another demand that has been made to the other
kid to the other to the other youtuber
that it is notified
and it should have reached you that we are in
August that your lawyer has to
back the notification that is
notified So it is not and in fact you
I will say more
We sent it to Turbo both in its
address like that of their parents if necessary
I don't remember. So your parents too.
They would have to know an attempt to
reconcile to avoid going to court OR
Is that something very civilized?
and smart thing to do when
you're going to I mean I'm always about people
that they have sued me or that they have
some kind of problem they send me
a conciliation Hey look what offends me
much this video This video This video
Okay, sure, man. Right now, boom boom.
pum pum unless they're asking me
to delete things because it bothers them but
because they don't like that information
because [ __ ] is worth it But if suddenly
They are telling you Hey, you're calling me
scammer you are wrong
What I believe is in the moment in which
that you give one or categorize one
person with certain words that
They are obviously crimes and then you
person tells you what the [ __ ] you are
saying It is not true if your answer in
Instead of reconciling, we will tell you that we are going to
make a call we do a zoom uncle me
You explain it and I will gladly help you.
I'll remove the video if so, no problem.
I'm sorry, I don't know what I would do
me or what I think you would even do
I am sure that if you say
some nonsense like that and I'll tell you
I write privately, you invite me to come
here and you tell me Hey let's go here
we talk I'm happy to come What
It happens that if the answer I receive
is laughing at me in my face laughing at me
attempt at conciliation and say that
I'm threatening when I'm not even that much
less because I literally don't have
I didn't threaten anything before
It is a problem that is being
putting in without need I don't know if
He must be very intelligent, I really don't give him any credit.
ball insults me and they send me
insulting first because you stalk me
I don't know what videos they upload or what
that you do today I didn't even know
that I kept uploading videos and you didn't tell me
You get to say it about the lawsuit after
has learned of the lawsuits through
From the podcast, how good the talk is
We did the exclusive the other day.
I think it was almost two or three weeks ago
when I was in Almera I even gave it
with procedure number that is
has learned things when he has
I know it's a lie I'll tell you now
but hey, nothing happens, nothing happens
nothing will happen in giving me two months
two months that I think everything will be ready
sent received etc. there I am with
I'm glad to share with you and we laugh.
for a while we are going to let
everything reaches them and that's it, it's not about
re but let's go that I give it is about that
There are some insults, some accusations and
one thing they are not and
And well, I am in judgment.
looking forward to seeing him the truth is I am the one
first I In fact I told him
lawyer I told him look because I know there is
some things I'm not good at
necessary that you know but I have
explicitly requested that in everything that
I can be I want to be It's that
I want to see what they say. I mean, it generates me
just like I like gossip for that reason
I come here I love to see what
They say terrible things about me like how
defend
using to see the truth not that by
It is true that you know what happens that I
I can take it apart in two minutes, okay?
say I can tell you Look this is
false because of this This is false because of this
This is false because of this and this is false
for this but no but my lawyer has me
told not to do it because if I don't give it to him
clues to you know them yes yes of
So that's why I can't say it.
I say because I would love to in fact I am
eager to be able to make a video
I have chosen not to disassemble them.
because I think it makes a lot more sense
report winning the trial and then saying
Look guys, I wasn't just right about this.
This is it, but the sentence is in hand.
that I'm right I think that's where it's going to go
It is certain that I am innocent, you know
then I think that's the most that
makes more sense not what is more
logical because of that I prefer to be
patient and little by little then when
Have everything ready because I'll show it to you later.
topic of the scammer's call yesterday in
that I stayed and I say Well
then he says we will apologize
What's happening
that she is wrong, didn't she lie to you?
people with whom her boyfriend hit her and
He exposed his own ex
The question is that it doesn't appear in the chat.
from YouTube where they sent it to you
This is on Twitch, we're basically going to
said The question was
that if we are going to change our minds about
Cheer up about what he said about your ex-boyfriend
that if the subject of the ex-boyfriend comes up, that if
the ex-boyfriend's yes is spoken of long and
lying and on what specific topic
about the ex-boyfriend, yes, she made it up
Well, it was invented that her boyfriend hit her
No yes
The good thing is that I can tell you that yes
indeed he made it up, I have it made up
invented or confirmed
there is no possibility that it is not
invent and then reach an agreement
with him Hey he invented it gives you all the
context is one of the things that
He has clearly not done well in what he did
She is not proud and explains it
I say this because people believe that
Suddenly in the Mood podcast I play
bleach and anything that
It's not bad, no, no, I swear that things
that are wrong, recognizes what gives you
the context so that you understand how it is
he goes so far as to lie about that kind of thing
that they are so hardcos then and this
says without any problem
So I think it's interesting that
people give it a chance
always listen to him self-centered A kiss
creator of all good we will see in the
interview don't get ahead of yourself I think that
You are going to see a Spirit that you have not seen
I never tell you and I'm going to say one thing
that obviously there will be people who
Give your opinion on what you care about. I'm the same.
after having been with her in no
I know if he came for about 10 days he has not been around
Andorra
I tell you one thing I believe that during
10 days is difficult to lie face
face to face continuously in a non-plan
I think I played a role and I
I encourage you that I have known no, no, no
I recognize in the videos I have had
What to see in Dallas to do and prepare
Let's say the podcast and I today
I have a very good relationship with her.
fell extraordinarily well and I
She seems like a great girl and I hope that
people this deal will appear
This deal in short is
the meme of encouragement what you have done is not
so bad we forgive you everything Yes I have already
seen that they have made a lot of memes about him
I have seen that they have done this a lot
The point is that I didn't know her from
nothing like me being the first contact that
I had with her was when I proposed to her
come to the podcast as a result of a contact
in common that is mine and suddenly it was that
I talked to you and told you, look, he's coming.
This person, where do we focus on what?
questions there are What things are there I have
I've seen all the Dallas videos.
I've seen everything and in my case it has been curious
because I have known for three
four hours to a person from there I do not
had no none let's say none
preconceived idea then I dress all the
[ __ ] and I said [ __ ] what awaits me
you but what is all this there is one
ask
If we talk about you about Wismichu
What do you think, man? I hope you don't leave
Do you think I would fail you, Javier?
crab let's see but I repeat if he lied to you
to his biggest fan Why wouldn't he lie to
deluxe to save his career does not want
grab the shovel that we don't know that we don't
We know that we will find out when
is published Good
I mean, I can trust obviously.
Obviously there are changes, do you think I do?
I will also forgive him for everything he has for me
that
forgive him for everything you have, or so I think
that when I had him she explains with
in detail why he told you that
What did Wow say to you and why does it continue?
wismichu and I at that moment
if I
She followed wismichu on Twitter at that time
moment
or something or the next thing I don't know when
followed him I asked him why it would be
wismichu and because he had had the
conflict with you is then valid at the level
temporary I don't know I don't know Then
I asked him about both things and in
both things said one of an answer
that is completely credible, I believe it
I believe 100% now when you
you listen
maybe you feel better or you feel worse
What I am certain of is that
You will understand from there that you
Forgive me or not, I'm not there anymore.
I'm so sure anyway I I
I think you'll understand it well
I was more or less convinced by your fly.
I tell you if I can give you my word
It turns out that she was the good one and Pipepino
Luisardo Ruth caught them and they all conspired
nothing else
that our follower now a battery
Ruth but the others that you are telling me
putting the lizard that small piece
Luis Sardo I can give you my opinion
Luis Ardo is a complete [ __ ].
It's my opinion That's my statement By
What? And I can tell you.
I can spoil it or not. I mean, I don't give a damn.
egg or so you're going to see it anyway Luis r
I also think he's an [ __ ] in the
moment when you filter topics
personal two years after they have
happened without anyone asking you for anything
That's a shitty person for me.
opinion from there what is there
filtered and the damage it may have caused
They are not secondary issues but it seems to me
evil
I don't see it because of the issue of the
temporality because in the end you filter it
at the moment when everything is
exploding that something is viral but yes that
It's true you are an opportunist because
you are a [ __ ] opportunist
shitty opportunist. In fact, a creator.
I see it a bit like taking advantage of when
someone is on the ground to be trampled
That is, if you want to tell something about
someone or you want to put something
someone does not take advantage of the moment when
It's in the mob. I mean, take it out when
such and then apart that if a person you
has told something privately while
the other person is not taking anything out
yours private because you have to take it out
you, that is, if it is something that has happened to you
told in private I for example already you
What I said on this topic is that in the end
Right now there's Ricky Eddy
information that I am leaving here in
the little box for me I know you know and no
I'm going to take it out because [ __ ] it doesn't seem right to me
a fair game then if you think so
Before talking about the demo, we can close the topic.
reiki Dallas not so that we do not get
Let the open issues remain there and not
let's close the topic debate does not look like
that what is going to be carried out is going to be carried out
What I can tell you is that in no case
There is one thing that is being said and it is
lie and it is the fact that it is said of
that Ricky doesn't want to debate me
Ricky Edith didn't tell me to tell us.
so I'm going to say it because also
I think it sounds good, I'm going to say it, okay?
Ricky If you see this and I couldn't say it
Damn, well, tell me next time.
Don't say it, [ __ ]. Because I thought
If I could, I told Ricky, look,
You know that Dallas had proposed me
make this podcast of the two of you
together What a shame you couldn't come
so that we could talk about it and he tells me
no no
calm down because I had thought about it too
make it your own Ricky tells me I had
thought about doing it in fact we already had the
set searched all organized and it
They wanted to make Five from their Club
They wanted to do it from there but because of
what happened with this issue of the
restraining order and all this no no
can okay can't do it and on the other hand
side I think that the issue of the order of
distance there is some information here that
It has been explained badly. Aha.
He hasn't gone and said I want to put it on
a restraining order on Dallas that's not
It happened like this. There I'm going to give you the
exclusion that you are going to me to an egg cheese no
It has happened like this because it is not like this
It works, you're going to eat me, you owe me, you're going to eat me
You're going to owe me a ham for Christmas.
for the exclusive that I'm going to give you that I know
that you're going to like it, come on, you're it
wishing
but it turns out you're not that bad and you
we forgive
Well, I think it's not that serious what
has made it so heavy to see guys
Let's go then put an order
remoteness
No, he wasn't like that.
he's worth it I think I can say it because
again he didn't tell me not to say it and
because I think it doesn't play against him
On the contrary, I think it plays in favor
yours let it be known This is worth that it is a
context that I don't know why he hasn't
given in this way but well he went to
the police and said Look, they have threatened me
This is what they told me, this is what they did to me
This video has done the other thing to me and it shows
all there is Kings Don't laugh Javi
Because it is your right if you receive
some action to be taken by Ricky
just like Dallas is
manipulate and complete with your ex to
Squeezing money out of a follower is not bad
roops I've been treating myself lately
joking damn you take it like that
literally let's see elox you can go to
the police to file a complaint and you are
you have the right to do so and you should do so
when it threatens if it is true that
There is that combination but in the
moment or what you cannot do
It's the year after you've laughed at
That discord you challenged him to follow you
answering the discord he has challenged him to
debate 800 times you have laughed at that
you get 1000 euros for each video you make
wet from him you have hesitated Or to the
year you go to the police station for those
threats not for the threats because he
He's not going to the police station for a few
threats he is going because now the
girlfriend has cheated on him and
They're laughing at him and Dallas says one
thing to be able to go you can go when you get the chance
the nose is another thing if I would go or not
Given the context you explain, I believe
that if I, for example, understand it is not
to say is within his right to power
having serious things as a complaint, I say
reports of death threats whether or not
as a joke whether or not they are decontextualized
whether or not after the point is irrelevant
is you have something that the police can
take the truth minimally seriously
yes, from here on you have it
whether you do it or not is another matter
So I'm not giving my opinion.
I'm giving information, I say it
because there are people who sometimes don't like me
Don't attack me like the informant
I am giving you a lot of one
exclusive Okay then after the one that has
another message arrived
Let's see, this one doesn't sound like Marco Cepeda's.
but your goal is to say that Ricky
With what he earns he has gone to the police station
for a [ __ ] complaint like the one they have made
broken car window
I don't know if I went to put an ad or
has gone to report Simply not it
I know I don't know the technicalities How is I?
without going any further so that you can make one
idea I made I made a talk Look I
I had one now not that I haven't yet
finished and I'll give you some context
When I gave a talk in the auditorium
Andorra national team with Salomundo Vale
We have haters who are very
fun, very fun and just right
Okay, I think it would be more correct if it were
would have treasured with lawyers
you're a bastard
[Music]
saying that he got up on Sunday
in the morning to go to the police station
say Dallas made me a video or
It's just that my balls are falling out
man that lawyers and the
Attorneys are there for something, but you
you have gone to the police station
Let's go to the police station
file a complaint when you have had a fight
on the street when your purse has been stolen
when they have opened the car but you
you go because a kid has threatened you
by discord So I see it very well
that I, whoever denounces me or uses me,
something illegal against me or to me has
There have been several characters who have
If you're going to threaten me, you might as well attack me.
Because look why they don't know how to answer me
otherwise because they do not have
argument or do not have the capacity
I am the first to report
Okay, but man, you complain at the moment.
complaints at the time or when you have
the tests but that you are me
telling me with all the context and that
You go to the police station that doesn't have one
sense that he is doing it out of ardor
From the video you made I can
follow the point now what I know is that
as I see in advance when
When the two hours arrive, I know that I am going to
cut one of these messages again
so many [ __ ]
who are in a group organizing to
ask these questions and make these donations
But well, hey, let them go, but it's just that I
you can ask 6 haters for free or not
that I have no problem
the point is worth the point where I wanted
arrive he goes there and when he comments it
What's up again? I'm not here.
giving my opinion on whether I agree or not with what
I have done it myself and now yes
I'm going to give my opinion. I wouldn't report Dallas.
mainly because I think it's one of the
last people they would think of
report because it is normally a
person who has a team of lawyers
that are tanned in everything you know
So it's best to just ignore
the subject and turn the page I think there would be
done is worth everything to Dallas and trying
to provoke him is a clown face
victimist
Dallas but I can't debate you anymore
because I just gave you an order
distancing to avoid it because it is no longer
It suits me, yeah
Okay, okay, then what I say is
The point is that when you teach that
the policeman himself or whoever it was
He takes care of her and says, "Hey friend, what's up?"
This here seems very good to us
Hardcore I don't know that I don't know how many Me
He seems very strong and says, "Well, but"
I now want to have a debate with him and
I want to do this and I don't know how much and it's the
life I tell the police That's because
The police themselves told him that as a result of
that they saw that there were reasons for
having to put like an order of
distance or that he could not be there
more than X distance etc. and that in
In case he failed to comply with that he could not
then take legal action Then
Let's say he imposes that order on himself.
of distancing Because if later he wants to
take legal action has to
respect that because if not it's like he
says so hardcore is not what you
He's saying if you then start to
debate with him as if it were a game
you know then I understand that it goes that way
that the point is that he prefers not to
have the debate because otherwise it won't be possible
Report him later if things get heated
further
and you believed all that, yes? What?
there is a problem, that is, why couldn't it be
That's what I'm asking, right? I'm not an expert.
on how the police deal with these issues
because luckily I haven't found myself
never in them to see what I say what
I would have no need to lie, you can go
you can go to the police station and say
that they are threatening you and such chaos if not
you are counting the part that you have done
that is, if you are not telling that you
you also start to hesitate that you have
since both are part of that combination
I doubt very much that anyone will go to the
police saying this guy did this to me
Oh and I obviously laughed at him.
have asked the police or that is if
You can have a debate with him or not. Hey.
Look, he threatened me to do it
tear off my arms but I would like to
have a little debate on YouTube So
is that the [ __ ] or rather has done that
like the mouth to real reiki. I mean
but if I had recorded it it would have been
the host eh that conversation with him
Well, what I think about all this is
I said to Dallas, why don't you do it?
debate on discord or zoom or something like that
Of course, it stayed there, to me there, no, no.
I got a response from
For my part, if at some point
They decide to do it in person, they already know that
I can moderate them with
I would be very pleased if you would be present.
I'll take it and go, I'll sit there in the
safarito next door I'm there with him
stanic and I am there and I ask them something
lace also clear I go I go
But well, let's see, I think they will finish.
doing it for discord I think
They are not going to do it in person, but I
I think they will end up doing it for
Discord Because if Ricky now says Hey
Well, look, I don't want to do it in
person but in call yes no because
You are telling me that on call no
refuses no
I don't know, I don't know if the point is
in which if you debate or have contact
with the other person and it is automatically
like you're not in the know, like
the point is supposed to be that if you
You have a problem with someone and you are afraid
for your life or whatever you're not going to be there
looking to talk to that person you are going to
it's the same as the videos that are on it
doing the series that O is doing
whether you want to sue someone
the only reason not to get together
with someone nowhere is because
whether you are going to sue or because you are going to
report
Look where I would go from you if you
You want to put me in a situation like that.
I tell you what I would have said I would go
to the point of what Dallas said in the
last video of what the [ __ ] are you saying no to
You can have a debate with me but I
you respond to the videos Therefore you
prevents me from answering other than in videos
live talking to me because
the end is one says one thing the other
answer one you know Then I think that
the debate could be held even if it were
by discord And again if you want a
moderator I gladly offer myself
maybe because I think that there it would be very
moderator needed because I think it is
a debate in which because sometimes I
I propose debates to Dallas or I propose to him
discussions for example, [ __ ] me
I would like to make some scientists no and
and I said to him, wow, we could do it.
this the other and there he lends himself but with
I asked Ricky's but you're going to
behave well no because sometimes I don't know
Imagine someone comes to tell you
that science this and that is not it and I say
you're going to behave and he tells me man
with Ricky It's going to be hard for me not to get involved
aggressive those orders are from judges
no but there is no court order that is
he has put it on himself or
so that in the end the court order is
a thing of his that he has put on for a
council of the because the police have
said that it is better not to debate than to do it
It's absurd, that is, he's not going to report it or go
I think they will end up suing
doing I mean if he is saying that
you don't want the debate in person but
in call so at the end at this point the
Dallas will accept because he is not going to take
Dallas and he's going to say that
the call on call one has not said
nothing Ricky No who said why
calls have been Dallas may be
I think Dallas would accept both in
called as in person Although I believe
which would be much cooler in person because
I'm more amazed by it in person
and even though people say it would end badly
I think that in person they would end up less
bad that by call I think that by
call It's easier for you to come
up if you have it in front of you
And even more so if you know that they are recording you in
plan turra or rather I'll tell you one thing
and you're going to hit him no but
It's that neither on camera nor on camera nor yes
totally I tell you I am with you
someone who, for example, tells you this to me
Honestly, I'm getting turbo.
flat these who have defamed me and I
They say it in person and I literally tell them
I look, laugh and tell them how much they
I say you are pathetic and I continue with my life, or rather, I continue
Walking is what I don't care about, or rather, it's like
So if I had a debate and
someone is telling me something
I would speak completely calmly like you
I speak now and at some point if that
person raised his voice to me I would stay
reserved
And if that person does not decide to lower his voice
and let me speak lamely and I leave the
call It's that there is no more then And
in person I would do the same thing I am
debating with someone and if in that
moment that person starts to raise his/her head
voice to insult me to lose my temper and
suddenly he doesn't let me talk, I grab and
I get up and leave and if he does that
He considers that he has won very well.
cattle in the jungle where people
screams where people talk like
There will be civilized people for me
We are totally lost. Then
I think they could do it from the
dialogue and from a minimum of respect no longer
what others did but towards the debate
towards the truth and something could be done
very interesting, I mean, I think it could
be very very interesting and I tell you
I think that if others come to other places
You could be a very good moderator
as in the end it is also true that you
you're going to tend to go more towards Dallas than
not towards Ricky I think I could do
I could act as a moderator
very good because I tell you and I have good
relationship with both, with both not so much
you will count as with Ricky
Well, if I were a moderator, let's see.
I understand that if I were there but I'm not me
I wouldn't be a moderator of a let's see if they
If they asked me, well, I would do it the same way.
as professionally as possible but I
I would prefer that you make a call without
moderator in a bare-chested plan
that's it that's going to the field eh to the field of
battles without any protection but
Of course you like the [ __ ] show
dude then there's more than just a moderator
you are thinking like channels to the seo that
A debate is going to give me more than enough to eat.
I don't want a game here, dialogued
tennis game nor a debate about it
This is a fight between the two of them.
discussion and that they call each other and that they
discuss whether one insults the other or not
interrupts the other
Well, whoever interrupts will look bad and
the one who remains, the one who screams or the one who you
I mean, at the end here, look, here there is
a point that mashues says, I disagree with Javi
has been a moderator and has never intervened
in favor of no one and I believe you but you are
saying on Javier's Channel what
It happens that at the moment when you
you see a debate Imagine that you are from
the community is worth it even if you didn't have it
done even if you were the most impartial guy
It doesn't matter about the world because that's how it is
easy at the moment you see
that there is a person as moderator who
you know that you have more affinity with one of
the two participants the community of
another tells you he is going to be telling you he is telling you
saying that you are being totally
biased in favor of who is supposed to
you like it better that's why it is necessary to put
to a moderator who is clearly on the side
side of both or side of neither in
plan that is fought against flatly
not because of a question of what I'm going to do
better or worse I think you can do it
do extraordinarily well but for
a topic of not giving the argument to the
that you lose No, no, no
losing but not because they have
burst with arguments but
because the moderator is on the side of the
another Claro so anyone then for
to be able to have a fair victory but that
there needs to be a fair moderator
In today's video Ricky said that in
Discord yes
Ah well, look, then he did say
Yes, I believe it can be done
I think Dallas is going to accept it.
I think he did say yes, Ricky said
in today's video on discord Yes
if it is based then no I mean I don't see the
reason why not no
It would make sense to win the saying that in
discord no no
You see, look, I'll tell you something, guys.
I understand that there are people here who
better do it for the joke but I want
think that there will be at least one who
really think Then I'm going to say
This is what they say about what is happening
Ricky, I'm not with Ricky or
With Dallas, that's where the problem is with me.
life of others Impartial as possible
The problem is the old but you realize
Tell me what I was telling you about the moderator.
It's happening to me here I come here
I speak well of someone you don't like and
automatically from oxx is whitening
Now if I were speaking badly
from Dallas or am I speaking well of
Dallas on Ricky's Channel suddenly
Let me explain, that is to say, guys, be more
impartial is what is missing here
can say things
obvious [ __ ] neither one is that bad nor the other
another is so bad Everyone will have a part
of reason [ __ ] says I have seen moderate I have
I've seen Javi moderate and he's not bad at it.
but I trust more the other one that looks like
Ben Stiller I don't know who he is but I'm going to
Google search today on a video of mine in
the comment box but I have
left freaking out is how it does this
here he has gotten into you and in a
I don't remember a comment on one of my videos
in which video it has been
the one with fixed-term mortgages Oh yes
He is my biggest hater. Yes, yes, with you.
but I don't remember anymore
Silvia Charro Silvia Charro and Simn
Perez, I call them junkies.
vigilantes Because they are two guys who
their [ __ ] heads went crazy, so everything
the world knows and that for a long time
time quietly two years before
go to sell I think now has some
marijuana fields I don't know where
They are dedicated to it Yes yes Now it went to them
Life is pretty bad, I never took it
legal action against them not because
I couldn't but because they make me feel sorry for them or
I sincerely believe that they are people
who have suffered enough and nothing more
So yes, that was before I arrived.
the famous Maverick or now Turbo plan and
These people, these will be the ones who
They were there for about a year and a half, two years
but well, they have come to wish me the
death in a video
yes yes yes no no this is so mental
totals, that is to say, because in the end this is
people were in this time when
I fell into some Ponzi schemes I did.
content about the host Look
Well, I don't know what I was doing at that moment.
I knew I was onto something that since
my point of view Well then there is no
finished very clear that people got into
the finger on the sore full And what happened that
when I said [ __ ] maybe this isn't
It's okay and I rectified and I came back from his
side exactly that was I'm going to look for it
What I have learned from all this, I don't think so.
that everyone can make mistakes. I
When I make a mistake I say [ __ ]. Well, I go.
Let's see what I've learned from all this.
How can I add value afterwards?
of what happened to me And I said I'm going to
I can dismantle any projects that seem right to me.
that have things in common with this and me
I started making content that was
exactly what they did was
as I do not accept that this guy comes
our side is going to criticize her anyway
you know it's like you at the moment in which
that you realize that you were wrong
with Dallas and you make videos in favor of
Dallas vs. Miami is coming, who knows?
Who I know of any youtuber who is
in favor of Dallas and start saying no to you
It's that this I don't know what And well, nothing
then they hold a grudge against me since
So without further ado, go ahead and tell them
the head was at an exaggerated level
In the end, what do I know are people who
They are people who have suffered, have not suffered
I have been very struck by the fact that
a video of mine appears is like how it has
a video of mine arrived or these people
that they are very obsessed with me
They are very very obsessed with me for
Luckily, they stopped talking a long time ago.
about me because Well then talk about me in
At that time it gave 2000 visits which were its
most viewed videos and with that they already ate
Now I think they have done other things
that they will be given more money and they will be
busy is already in plan without more than
anyway it gives very little play
talking about mass is because because you
You can make a video criticizing me like
There are some channels that do it
inventing anything and beating him
I don't know 20,000 30,000 visits But you
you know what they pay for 20,000 30,000
visits you know it depends on the CPM you have
doesn't give you anything to eat because I
I never answer anything
The most I can answer you with is
cpm I'll give you some sauce If you had a video of
20,000 visits because they put F because
they put f in the chat
Efe if the connection has not dropped nor
Nothing, why do you put Efe if it hasn't fallen?
the connection does not
They must be trolls. I guess so.
that what he told you at the end
criticizing me doesn't make much money anyway
that Dallas does give you quite a bit of money
because it has a lot more fanpage you know and
he's always in some mess somewhere
which then makes much more sense
But criticizing me is like, well, I don't.
I'm going to answer literally, it gives me
quite a bit I eat a lot I'll tell you
send a complaint and then it doesn't work for you
It's going to be worth it for you. I mean, it's not going to compensate you.
economically nor mentally because the
people I think are not aware of what
what a pain it must be to be in a process
from three years or four years you know
Hey, but anyway, tell me before you
you go
He doesn't want to talk about the clear topic.
Sure. Ah, you have more to tell me about the
mood theme
I can tell you things, let's see, there's a clip
that has now been done quite a bit
that you weren't going to tell me anything else and I was going to
ask how much time is left to see it
let's see ideally ideally because now
We are growing the team and everything
Ideally tomorrow should be Good tomorrow
not today that is already Sunday not today is
Sunday they should give me Well I am
Sunday 4 in the morning you know no no that
He says that today you are going to publish that no no no
No no no today they should give me the
edited video Okay then yes
Indeed today I receive it along
From today put it Between today and tomorrow
I receive it, it would be necessary to check that it is
well make the teaser the teaser can
to be perfectly fine for three days
people think the teaser lasts nothing AND
except the teaser takes a long time and
then she will publish the idea is
publish it on day 1, ideally on day 1
next month and I think the teaser
from Nimu as I told you the other day
comments is a teaser that when the
people see it and see the topics that
They talk and what happens in that podcast
It will be the teaser that will be able to
overcome the hype that there has been for
no other episodes
I mean, I think it's going to be the episode with
more hype than all we've done
has has
any more appearances that teaser
It's a puppet when people see it still
It's not done, so I can't tell you what
I don't know Leo, but I think it's a
teaser that when people see it they will
say Oh mom this [ __ ] is not for me
I lose, so I think it's going to be a
little that Flow but I have some there
appearance I know where you're going I know where
You're fine, I've seen that guy on Twitter.
where are you going that I have seen and I have seen your
videos [ __ ]
I'm going to give some information worth it
These tweets are being taken from the tweet
from Nemo and Dallas's tweet with a
minute difference is pure coincidence
you know that's what I was actually man you
She looks like Ricky's girlfriend, I give you a look.
You can ask even Dallas Le
You can ask as far as Dallas
ask him if those tweets are
agreed or I was not in the casino with
nimu taking me a little something and that too
Ricky was actually there and he was
over there Agustn also your friend and
suddenly
you have to come you have to come
as if they were or rather that's as if
outside in Super Mario the little dolls
brown the little turtles I'll tell you like this
we finished
Look to get an idea
we ended up having a laugh at home
from thegrefg he himself has been in case
speaking of expenses
It's that they are surreal things that
What happens in Andorra stays in Andorra
So
the same in the castle of Beauty
you find yourself sleeping at the mini
Saying goodbye to you from the tower.
Here it happens a bit the same you find yourself
spirits in Greg's house But how is that
man, that wasn't that, that is.
you ended up at home
so we are Yes but he wasn't there
We are with Agustn Ricky etc.
So what happens that suddenly we are
in the casino and nimu comes to me and
He shows me his cell phone and says, look what?
damn it just happened okay that day I
I had just recorded the podcast with Nimu
Wow that day the podcast was recorded with
Nemo that in fact we say it on the day of
before the day before is when we do
the irrele and we say tomorrow we record the
podcast Okay so I was coming back from recording
the podcast with Nemo and I see that and I say my
[ __ ] mother what a mess this is going to be
[ __ ] So that's something
completely that it is not so impacted if
I would have done some campaign there
marketing as it was put in other texts
It's good to see XD I'll see it later
I see it. Thanks friend. Forgive them.
So that's what I'm going to look for.
exactly what did those tweets say I think
that Andorra but I'm going to do it
Irrele I swear I'm going to do a live show
I'm going to do it in Andorra
I'm going to be a live making go he
made very few irl So when I'm
I become more interested when there is some
celebrity move and stuff like that but
I have to go crazy is that it is a
madness is madness, the timing is its own
from Yo Juan because I looked for the photo
Now on Twitter it says nimu 21 years ago
minutes what just happened to me today is
surreal literally we came from dinner
with you to have dinner also with not Augustine
Agustn did not come for dinner. He came later to the
casino and we were by the casino Vale
then I understand that I would have posted
This for something related to that and
Suddenly Dalas comes and says if I tell you
You won't even believe what I just recorded.
Hahaha I don't know which of the videos
that has been done. Then it will be clear.
suddenly people gather them together and everything comes
This is gossip and I say What the [ __ ]
You're messing with me, but if you can
You can ask Dallas
if those tweets are agreed upon, that is to say,
I give my word that those tweets are pure
coincidence is pure coincidence But
has published an encouragement to follow
Dallas on Twitter
Yes that is true and that has been followed
because I told him so
nothing me Hello no no I think not the follow
The follow was given to him that same night in
Casio I think you're trying to trick me
that you are trying to entertain us for
no no no suddenly Dalas appears in the
I'm telling you, I'm telling you seriously, that is, I
I think I think that
I imagine something like that, okay, let's see, let's see.
Yes, let's see if I'm right, it could be that the
teaser
Dallas sitting in the chair well no no
no no no no no sorry yes yes sit down
in the chair with the remote control in
the hand grabs the remote control
because it is when I do not understand from a distance
music and when it starts playing
music comes cheer up sit down
Dalas's knees Dalas grabs her
waist and says it's time to tell our
true I think that
would be viral
It would be epic, but I would never do that, man.
It would be disrespectful to Ricky.
It would be epic, it would be epic. But let's see.
I respect that they made that teaser
Yes it is disrespectful but you
I'm going to say one thing
and write down my words well, okay, that is
You don't write down my words well. It's that I
I just imagined the teaser guy there in
the sofa where is that on that sofa placed
the little ass of many people
Let's see, first of all, I would make a
debate for example of Dallas versus
Ricky, we wouldn't record it in this setup.
the bastard, look at what he tells you, no
that I had prepared the dish. So
wanted to take it away from him. Yes, he had it.
already his plate mounted Then I like him
I can give you the teaser you have suggested.
the absolute sadness that there is no
teaser like this I would like to have it but no
It would have been epic without a doubt but
but not
The point is that you write down well what you
I'm telling you because I haven't said anything
a lie today is not worth anything
Those two tweets are a pure lie.
coincidence that is it I give you my word and
when you see the teaser we will return to
speak and I will give you all the context that you
may be missing, okay, those tweets are pure
coincidence And what else did you ask me?
and in it
And why did Momo follow Dallas?
continued because the conclusion he draws
nimu after recording the podcast that
what I did is that Dallas in his videos
It is not there even if it is attacking him and Although
She really feels it as an attack
and has led to it being
founded She is the only one responsible for
that funa and dala has simply been a
messenger has done his job then
I made Nemo understand just like I did.
likes to always mediate between equals like me
Here I have tried to show you the face
another part of Ricky and I encouraged him
understand the other side of Dallas and I said
Look, I know Dallas, will you stay?
I asked him I have a conversation
By discord with Dallas I say You
You have something against lemon at the level
staff and he told me don't suck me off. I mean
I don't care, I mean, I don't care. No, I don't care.
I like her but I don't hate her either.
I wish him the worst. Okay, so that's how it is.
And I tell you those tweets are 100% coincidence.
and he gave it to him because I told him to.
I don't think so if you want to start
change because she wants to make one
Redemption wants to make a 2.0 change the
Avatar wants to change things up a bit
value proposition of your channel I think so
She really wants to start off on a good note
foot has a good foot has in
first place to accept what you have done
badly admitting his mistakes and asking for forgiveness
whatever there is to forgive and damn it
understand that Dalas has not gone there either
you know how to cut your throat and that's it then
that follows it is like an act of I'm going to
make a change you know in fact Dallas doesn't
keep going if you look at it no no no
I could understand if you smoked here.
your theories But it is not so then
There is no more, there is no more, what are you going to wear?
for the Esland Honestly it is
It is practically impossible for me to be nominated
a slam because because I have recorded with
Dallas dude I have the Dallas podcast
with almost 2 million views, damn
How are they going to invite me?
let's see, well
and I play salsa and I play and I have half
some of my podcasts are salseogra
practically then people don't
You know people don't like that.
I like those people a lot, but I don't usually do it.
Look yesterday Uncle Shure took
Well yesterday I found out, I don't know when
It was that Uncle Shure was taken out of the
that of a series that is a rival that is
a series of the ded a series that the uncle
pimp was invited as happened to us in
The Squid Game and Ricky already told it
at the time and I told it that there is one
list of tweets that don't like us for
some reason why someone on Twitch
or someone who has a colleague who
He works on Twitch because he has power.
enough power to veto us from
little things not for x reasons that you see
that Uncle South
He doesn't miss anyone, he doesn't say anything bad to anyone
to no one and is on that list and I know that
I since January since January because I
I was planning to connect in the squid game
and I found out that even though the
bosses let's say the organizers of the
series
If they had told me that Twitch said that
For some reason, I wasn't eligible.
to be on a rival and on that list
Well, I knew Ricky was in that
I didn't tell him at the time because at that time
I didn't talk to him at the time and I knew that
There was Uncle South Uncle South I think that
is that he didn't know I don't know I haven't
asked him he was going to talk to him and in the end he didn't
I have spoken to him but I think that Uncle Sur
what I don't think Uncle Shure knew
that he was in Squid Game 2
He was, he was, and your Israel brought him out.
Twitch Spain released it
I don't know what relationship you have with him
[Music]
and good vibes with him like I do
I tell you, I am not a consumer of Su
content but I wish the other the best
One day I got a video of him that
I left a comment But well I am that
I also don't actively watch a lot of
content comments or
I mainly see what you upload
you because there already within those who are
that they do as a newscaster, that's you
that I like the most and that's it. That is to say
In the end I still respect that people go to
look at the content wherever you want
the subject of being scammed is touched upon
You can ask me if you want topics if
I'll tell you if they touch or not before I leave
Okay, let's finish this thing with the
gossip channels so that later they don't
bring back the places cutting [ __ ]
Listen to me, damn it, before the topics that
I want to say the topic of the viral clip
this that people are saying that I am
a hero without a cape because we are in a
irl and I focused the ass encouragement to see in
That guy, my partner and I are here.
yes the girl with pink hair is my partner and
I say it's a joke, I mean it's a joke, yes
I wouldn't know you were a good person, I'd say
who loves you because you are a millionaire
You see, if I didn't know you were good
people would say that they want to put you
millionaire eh Who am I telling you
joking because because I am
flirting in case you're not getting it
I ate with my partner literally
seven years, that is, he loves me when I wear
seven years with my partner would be great
young No yes of course I have been since I was 18 or 19
true Then he knows me as poor and I
meet rich
He loves me from before I was a YouTuber.
wants to be a YouTuber first
the issue of gossip channels
that it is gossip, whatever he says is
a little bit of sauce, no, but it's time for it
from time to time some science Yeah, sure
Yes, but it also makes a lot of sauce and
He is even preparing a gossip topic
cut the extracts and put them
gossip headlines then
yours nominated man I do see it
for a nomination I don't know until what
period You think Greff would give you the finger?
Simply because you do SEO, let's see.
I have a plan
Look, I have, I have a plan for
make sure I at least have one option
to go to the slams because it would make me
I'm excited because they're going to be held in Andorra.
So since they are going to be at home, I
I would be very excited to be there
It would also be like epic to have launched a
project and the same year be in the
slam For me it would be amazing even if not
Well, I'm already happy with the result
of the podcast at this point for me is
brutal what we have built but my
idea is that December My idea is that
December will be three episodes and the
three episodes be gemita
Let's see if I can see any meat but it doesn't emit it.
I see a lot of gems, she is a girl that I
I know off camera that I really like him
Although I think it can give much more
game that people believe And again
that not only to voice to the seo [ __ ] that moans
has much more to tell outside the
sauce So today I actually
I also explain now it's going to come
This next month is worth this next month
the month of September
I come loaded with some very good podcasts
hardcos ok but then the next month
I'm going to do a podcast that is for
example with Poker zeros which is my
favorite youtuber and who is a poker player
We will talk about poker, we will talk about Japan
We will talk about anime But it will be one
very quiet for people I think
comment to someone named like that
recently but maybe I'm getting
They say Oh by the way in the end you are going to
Thailand or what Have you already encouraged it or not?
Not at the moment, not the other one from Fran and wine
came to Spain and stayed 24 hours in
Spain and he didn't tell me that I told him I'm going
to hang you bastard but apparently it was
for those from Twitch Spain do not know about
business, gossip sells, gentlemen, no, but
that no I don't believe that I don't believe that you
They will take you out, I don't think they will take you out
fingers I mean yes yes you are nominated that I
I think so obviously because I don't
I have community Nowhere in plan
If they nominate me, I don't know how they will do it.
do but I'm not going or rather I'm not going to
make any post or anything
Vote for me here, I'm going to be the one if someone votes for me.
He wants me to be voted for based on my merits.
I don't know if I explain myself because the topic is for me
This is to send your community to a
reddit do to me is that it gives me so much
laziness sincerely I believe that people
in the nominations should be
for the merits, for the work that
have done I think it is obvious who
Damn, he's done a job to deserve it.
be nominated in a podcast or be
nominated on a channel of whatever and that's it
this
there is no more then I am not going to
presenting anything as such gives me permission
The same if they love me, good, and if not, good too.
There is no more. That is to say, for me it is like this.
easy, I don't know if they are going to do it this year
change a little bit how things are going to go
nominations I think there should be O
I think it would make sense that the
nominations are by hand roll that the
own team of five or six YouTubers
fat people who are there or fat streamers
Say, look, let's put these in.
eight people who seem to us the most
relevant and hence simply that the
public can now vote with the form
that we had last time you know yes I think
that is logical
the mood theme yes Ah well the clip without
more than it seems to me something innocent if
Someone has bothered him. Well, what do I know?
that he learns that among friends we do
nonsense I found funny
I feel bad because the [ __ ]
They cut me off and I don't know what I'm saying after I
It seems even funnier that he tells me what
you have done and I tell you it was unintentional
I tell him without wanting to avoid it and I laugh and
he laughs his head off, you know, like
He's obviously joking about it
No, but there are people, yes, people have come.
What did he say if I got to this clip?
make chocas or Dallas or I don't know what
They would be running but how does delux do it?
and I say, well, look how one does it
person who doesn't give a damn about your opinion, dude
Keep it, you know there is nothing better
that they would be looking for him
that at that time I already had very good
reaction with news or rather I'll tell you
not a word if I consider her a friend
that today I am a friend then
you consider yourself courageous you have made friends
with me in these last days Yes yes O
I tell you, I ask for much appreciation.
I think she's a great girl.
I'm telling you, I hope people
I can get to know you a little better and that's it.
and whoever wants to call me SIM friends
I have a girlfriend of 7 years, that is, I have
zero need to sinpear or anything but you
you believe no need You believe that you
You can be the union of Javi Dallas with
the elite
I think you have an opportunity there
you think that you think it can be
our bridge
to the elite or we are already in first place
First of all, for me, what is this
the elite, well, let's see what's very elite
in quotes because that's what
They consider the elite not the group that is
will consider the elite that
It's nonsense because there are many who don't
are within that group that has more
repercussion
It's a joke, not the elite group, I do.
I call the Main Stream group not the
that they are more mini the group for me to
me the channel for me the criticism channel
The largest Spanish-speaking city is Dallas and
The most relevant gossip channel is the
yours then for me you already belong there
Whether they put a label on you or not is a
a little irrelevant to me he told me the same
when the guy came
He told me, "No, you are now in the elite."
and I told him I told him that he told me you are in
the elite and I told him but if they don't know me
not even in my [ __ ] house
I have a hundred and something thousand followers who
Elite doesn't give a damn and he says no, no, you.
you don't see it But you're already there and I told him It's
I don't give a damn
But what do you think of the one who doesn't take Nimu?
serious issues where she evidently
It's wrong and yet he wants to justify himself
Why not apologize and ask for
solutions
Friends, I tell you one thing: you are going to get
a pleasant surprise with the podcast of
cheer up because I listen to you and every time
I want to get it out even more because everything
the world is saying it is not that neither
I should apologize for this no
is that I should not recognize this and
What do you think he did on the podcast?
come and say I am innocent of everything
shut up or you are not right or you think that I
I have pressed him with my questions
always friends [ __ ] trusting a little more
It is in me that I feel insulted when
Do you think that I invite people and
I lick the scrotum and even in a way I can
have good vibes with people but
You can see what I did with viruses with
virus I have a good reaction but when
I asked him the whole virus podcast
If I have to tell you that in the end I didn't
I call so much or rather it is that the final theme
Let's see, well, what else, pay attention to what
plus the salseillo like this from Condala Wismichu
and others that in the end do not finish
find out what his deal was with Wismichu
I mean, I haven't finished the count yet.
The thing is that I haven't seen the whole thing yet.
I was able to see it in its entirety and I have been watching it over and over again.
piece but in the end the subject of and such
I still don't believe him. I mean, if I can get it with the
same, that is, it is not incredible that I still do not
see justification, that is to say for me it is
I was kicking and
and I think if you watch the video of
Fitness villain that I was
seeing and it makes perfect sense to me
world makes me think, I do it
I think, or rather, I don't see why.
I would have to lie about that like
For me it is like that, I believe his story.
I have spoken with him, I have seen everything.
I actually saw the person's WhatsApps
that tells you what to do No
We even put the photo of the list of
the purchase and he himself says that he gives it to him
[ __ ] scared of that and in fact of the other no
has not tested positive nor has it tested anything because
is that he didn't put it in first
instance you know Then no Let's see you don't
I say don't believe me that he puts them in
quantities that he told you and the substances
who told you that I don't believe it
did it innocently simply
Because I don't think it was going to be an evening
Pachuca and Chuta, that is, the most beautiful country
most cracked country you know what happens that
when the opportunity arose
that of London as there I already feared that
I could see test there stopped if it is
It's true that it stopped and but I think that
for the ibai peel But this is very
easy if you if you believe that he was
kicking is not that I do it
ask everyone if you believe
that he was shooting up for what reason
Don't fake an injury if you know you're going to
there is an anti-doping plan text if I know
that I am literally going to certain death
Not because they have literally killed his
career why would you take it would you go
Well, I'm high, but let's see if there is
luck and I tested negative despite having
half a pharmacy is what I think
is that he was high on the evening of
I was going because it is known and he knows why
is participating in the Ibai sailing
From the first he knows that there is no test
for that and then the evening comes to an end
from London that is more professional
because in the end the one that was going to go has
a lot of impact and has a lot
audience but it is from youtubers but
when presented with the opportunity
As for London, I do believe that he
stop
believing that by stopping he might not get out
positive but it fails and comes out positive
But he was going what I think, eh, that
In the end I tell you how do you know that
I know him more than a normal person
I don't understand. So what I mean is
know
I didn't see him at any time
need to lie to me I saw that he was honest
because it was a very important topic
To him he said to me: Look, this is what there is.
This is what this is and in the end thinks
He knows what people are going to think
what is
inevitable people will put it in
doubt will put everything into doubt then
What I told him was don't come to this place
podcast with the aim of convincing
Nobody, I told him to come to the podcast with him
goal of being reassured that you
you have already told your version you have already
told everything in detail who
who wants to believe you well and who doesn't also
keep going But at least you get rid of it
This is like closing the cycle
Then she told me that with the podcast
had been very happy that there was
received very good feedback and that
It's already final that he doesn't speak anymore
This topic that whoever wants to talk about
speak But he'll be talking to himself
you know it will be a priori it will be put now
tour or rather because in the end, well, the
This topic will be thrown in many people's faces
times whenever you want Well now you
He said that there had to be a sanction that
You can't dedicate yourself to boxing for
many years I think he told you that I
surprised because I knew it was a couple
of more years but he told you I think four
No, six told you four at least not
There are two years in which he cannot
compete because it is in the badan program
or something like that And from there I could
What happens is that he has been taken away
desire to compete because he knows that
compete Or don't compete if they are going to
call me la la I I think I think that
I think, eh, I think it has fallen for the
evening and that he will have done it more times and
in the other evenings I think that too
but not by force or by no no
with the aim of
maybe I can believe that not with the
intention to cheat to be more
doped but with the intention that they
is going to take off his shirt in front of 4
millions of viewers and more to go
nice and cracked But well you will see that
I could be wrong, I'm not in the
life of him and that I don't see him either
an unforgivable thing in a good way
very well founded for life I don't
It seems bad kid, the truth is that I have never
the virus has fallen badly on my girlfriend
girlfriend me
Andrea Andrea who you say is the girlfriend
that's what everyone says to you
I remember that it is not known if they are boyfriends or girlfriends
No. Ah, well, the one that I think is the one
girlfriend because she has publicly told us
I say nothing because I know they call her the
girlfriend and has publicly told us if they are
boyfriends or not but still that person
that people think his girlfriend is too
You are invited to the podcast to be able to
talk about good things among
one of them from the controversy he had with
Dallas then it is possible that the
Let's see. Soon if it's for me.
very nice very she to me she to her
If you followed her a lot, you have followed her a lot.
I don't know if I will follow her on any network but
I followed her and I have followed her a lot. Well now
has the same thing as me who has the
Crohn's disease is and as a
song and I say this girl is the [ __ ] boss
Put it on and
They also told me They spoke very well of me
She seemed to be very nice, very
entrepreneur grams curranta I don't know about
new is that of course I am lucky to
that I'm meeting people, I think that without
many people who comment could have the
opportunity that I have to know in
person about whom they are commenting
They would often have a very
different and others of course for bad for bad
I tell you there are people who when they
you know No if you ever meet him
You're going to say, "I'm going to be an idiot for this guy."
It has happened to me, but I will wait for it
see that you tell Andrea
I say that Andrea and I had a very good vibe.
I saw her as a super funny girl
super smart, very enterprising
which I value a lot and then over here that
They are giving out names like Lizy Pelucipe
She is also invited What happens is that
We are seeing if he comes or not and I will do it
me but
is that we go I would feel completely
betrayed
I mean, the best thing is that betrayal falls on you but
My goodness Alicia, that's it, but but you already know
I say to my Mary, thank you for coming my
are for example wismichu What happens that no
I have invited them because I know they are going to
tell me no. I mean, but oh well.
I was there because I didn't miss anything.
absolutely nothing because in the group of
There are many kids, there are many
times when I don't deal with issues but I don't deal with
topic but because they no longer fit in the
outline neither of the live shows nor of the
newscasts but they made a thread for you
river boe this that yes I know it I know it
I blocked it I know because they told me they are
all of them the thread the river boat made
like a thread like you are not there
I have seen it as already a rancid
rights that bring you together with everyone who
We are critical of feminism, I'll tell you.
Look, based on that thread, Avi commented
couple of
Hello, I had invited what happens is that
My invitation did not reach you because
person who still had to give it to him
I hadn't done it, okay. But I have friends.
in common with her is not very difficult
know what common friends I have because
she had the double chin House where she lived
with mine stanics and all these Okay
then Estanix was going to propose Avis
and I wanted to come What happens is that as
I was in an awkward moment because of the
Karchers theme, the theme of the Funa and
We prefer to omit everything for now.
invitation but I really want to
huge that some profile comes from
These feminists or that is super of
left so that people give themselves
realize that I can speak without any
problem with people who believe in
your I know in your head is that you
you are interviewing me, of course
the money and let's see obviously
I the feminism that exists today
I think it's a [ __ ] joke I said it
in a lot of podcasts And obviously
If I have to position myself more towards
right or left I eat as if
a person who for me the economy is
essential for any state of
right that can function and can be
generate a state of well-being and
can generate something that has a future because
I tend to go more to the right than to the left.
the left because I think the part
social if there is no basic economy
It's going to work and that's it. Now I don't.
I vote, I don't vote, you know. Then the point is
It's just that people here like the way you put it
from the labels Rio Bobo took and tried
farm a few views
I don't know what they should pay on Twitter blue
But if he wanted 10  he would give it to me.
I would have asked and if I had given them and
We'll save the thread, that is, Syrian Boo
I needed 10 euros because with the coi thing
that were subsidized a career of
streamer who has never been worthy of it
He was missing 10 euros, so he asked me for them and
I will gladly give them to you as I
10 euros left. Okay, then there's no more.
When I saw that I thought I would dedicate a
video a and I said
And I said why And I said why if still
I'm going to give you the impact that is
searching I say yes being literally a
uncle who is next to ibai all the time
For a while, not even your mother can see you on a bicycle
think about how bad you must be
doing it you know that to see the fact a
channel on YouTube that being a streamer is not
It means that it will work for you or
I have seen many people
They have given him a showcase that is
huge and I understand that he is envious
that he I think also has a
format must also have a format of
talks that I have seen him sometimes for
There I have some tiktok and
suddenly he sees that I am coming, I am coming,
I get out of the [ __ ] nothing I blow everything up
the panorama because it is indisputable that
I am the fastest growing podcast
speaks Spanish suddenly the guy sees him and
says Ah the brother-in-law I'm going to criticize him
what you are doing is projecting
I envy, I do not criticize the rest of
podcast I think they do it very well every
who in his measure then I will have my
opinions but [ __ ] that you come to
me to make a thread when not even
You have spoken to me privately because after
Well, I don't know, that is, perfectly I could.
having said it is his right but yes
that it is true that it was not correct
the criticism I was making of you was not
was doing It was not right without going
further away the first clip touched me
eggs because he cut it to evil
first clip is about the
Caranchoa of the gay theme, do you know what happened?
there I was at the meal with
dude and I didn't know what he said to you
Look, I didn't want that click.
We are not talking about that Cleo, it is the same one as
what we talk about
Which Where the topic The click that cuts
irrigation
I've missed out on something, how not
guy wasn't like he didn't want to
that is believed and put it or something for the
style not the only the only thing that
guy told me that he
better he didn't like it very much was the thing about
Titan because it leaks information that
To Titan Well it doesn't suit him very well but
By the time you stopped me, I told you not to do this.
you make tiktok already had a million and a half
of visits So I said okay, go ahead and do it
is left over
that has gone viral I said there it has
stayed and then and then the subject of face
anchovies it was just that I didn't know
that he was homosexual and we were
eating and made a joke to me that
I love dark humor, I was blown away.
I laughed my ass off because I told him [ __ ] and
I didn't know that And he says to me Oh just like that
Wow, they moved it to the other sidewalk, I laughed.
I said you girl can we put this in the
podcast This
yes no no and I tell it in the own
podcast but that part is for me
cut the bastard river
He makes us homophobic and cuts out the part
where he explained that it's a [ __ ] joke that
had been done in another context and that I
I tell Uncle Mtela that he is a tiparaco
funny and priest when I do the
question and I stay like that waiting for
that gives me You know because it's obviously
agreed that the one who makes the joke on me does not have
the balls to do it doesn't want to do it
and then I give him a dirty face
before my ass face I am a priest
He laughs and when he laughs he tells me
that you want me to tell it and I said
Sure, tell it, damn it, then there it is.
you know then that the same thing that
It happened to him when he came to your talk about what
del re wine that did not want to say what
I had told you off camera Well a
little that Flow then that before me
They asked in the chat if there is someone who
deliberately lied to you in your
face and you have noticed me nobody
As far as I'm aware, I've lied to myself
In my podcast what they have done is
hide information when I have done it to them
I asked them a boring question that I
ask them a question whose answer is already
I know and whose answer a priori was going to
to give and that suddenly at the moment of
podcast back off if you don't want it
give that has happened
Who is this [ __ ] That's the one
nails this is Daro's girlfriend
And that one has controversy there for
ask and I think that's not it. Ah, I don't know.
I had a partner. Well, I think.
who has a son too or a daughter not
you know I don't think they have two children but
It is controversial, it is controversial, I would give you one.
Good interview, what do you do? Well
Right now I think she's a presenter
But what feminist thing, I don't know what something is
So
super feminist
and his and his partner is Daro who is a guy
My humor is so damn annoying, it kind of shocks me
oh well
that left him toothless, what a bastard
I am completely against
any violence for that reason I but
What I said, Uncle Elche. Also, this one took
He criticized Uncle South and the channels of
sauce and two days after having it
criticized took and made a channel of
Uncle Bob put the sauce on it and then they get
There he talks about news, I don't know if he created it.
he or he created it and went and put it and go that one
I don't remember the channel, but then the guy
He started talking about the news, I remember that
He talked about a YouTuber's demand for a
dude and the guy made up the [ __ ]
news or the partner who was with
I don't remember what I said, man, they don't even know
inform nor do they find out anything
If you want a guy who makes news for you
It's Alseo you sign up for Paracoya any time
gossip channel and if you want a podcast
You really call me but dude don't put me in
a useless person doing things he doesn't know is what
It seems like uncle, I feel sorry for him but I
as a YouTuber as a content creator
And I guess the same thing happens to you.
As a content creator I carry
since I was 12 years old making videos for
To me it is an insult and a lack of respect
and I can say it because I don't have
that I suck dicks to live because I am
retired, I don't give a damn, it's my turn
absolutely that he be given opportunities
to people who have three viewers who have not
been constant and they are not where they have been
arrived not on merit but through connections
because at the end of the day both Sushi Rock
As a river, they are there because they had
Chiripa was nice to them today
wanted to do one of these promotions
get along with the people we accept
channels that not even their [ __ ] mother can watch
bicycle they put them there And what has happened
past Well, neither one nor the other have
been successful because literally no
are worth it because really by
many showcases that give you if you are
Well, even if you don't have a showcase, I'll give it to you.
you do it, you build it and you get there and
You value what you have and I feel that
literally what they have done There it is
as a gift they have literally given away to
people the opportunity to be where
Others of us have been working for years
get a little space So what?
It happens that the minimum number of these people
They feel like they already see you differently
because they have not lived there they have not paid the
price for being there, that is, you have not
paid the price of really being
where you have to be Then I am the one
that I see and that's why I also believe that
has played against them because Put it
that they did have the talent to get there
Well, they did have talent.
Nobody is going to give them that point, nobody
will give them that that check No that that
Click Ok you have achieved it Because
We will all know that they have grown thanks to
koi if you are really worth it now
You will enter Coi because you are a creator
of content that has been great for
own merits when Juan guarnizo that
Even if I think he's a fake, come into Koi
enter koi because he is a good one
communicator and has gotten there on merit
own you know the same thing what happens with the
rest of the people then to my people who
whether it is medium or large, it will get there, okay.
perfect but not that they don't know uncle for
please and then you come to criticize me
Well, it seems a little sad to me because
you are trying to farm interactions or
It's that simple anyway and I'm telling you.
I also tell you there is one thing I perceive
that there are many people in the sector
content creation that is afraid of
talking about telling the truth I have said
I just stated an obvious fact and they are asking me
saying passed by the chat I said a
obvious what I just said
share the whole panorama with everyone
He shares it. Only since I don't live from
brands or look at my podcast how many
There are no brands in my podcast like
How many promotions do I do for
Instagram none How many promotions
none I don't live off brands guys I love it
the brands sweat, I don't care what tomorrow is
I can work with a brand that suits me
with me and I don't know, I'll evaluate it but
Today I have no need.
Working with brands is then worth it.
At the end of the day I think there is a lot
people who cut themselves not for example with the
Costco issue has also been a lot
people who have not wanted to speak for him
mere fact that they don't, they don't
benefits are worth it because it's their [ __ ] job
and I fully understand that there is
people who don't want to talk about those issues
That's why in delicate matters it is better
look the other way even though your ethics and
your values tell you otherwise because
If you're not going to die of [ __ ] hunger, okay.
so it is so I possibly if I
there was a situation that was
find many of these youtubers
I would also be looking the other way
because
the repercussions become more apparent to you and
Contacts Greetings
Irene Montero I invited her but she didn't come back to me.
responded the private
[Laughs]
normal too too
I don't see Andorra well and sitting there
I could move, I don't know where I am but
Wherever I could go, there is no, there is no,
There are more deluxe that go to your podcast for
your contacts like the people who come to
My podcast is because I write to them or to
Sometimes because I am given the opportunity
example Anthony fitness which is a
person who I already told that I could
come to the podcast and I invited him he was a
follower of the Channel and he is the one who
trains with Joan Pradays and John
for days that in fact also as a result
from the virus he wrote to me and sent you a
greeting
John Brady has gone to all the
podcasts that there are practically then
Well, I also wanted to bring someone
from the fitness world that wasn't John
Pradace because he has already interviewed him
everyone knows then to be able to bring
for example an Antonio seems to me
interesting I think he is a guy who has
Things to tell And my podcast again
Although you have SEO, no, it's not gossip.
That is to say, there are times for everything, to me
People like to talk, I think everyone
world has a story to tell and
There will be topics that will be played out in this
channel and others that don't, that is, there isn't, there isn't
I'm going to tell you more, you want to close with
topics that may have appeared in the
Nimu's podcast and I'll tell you yes or no
so that you can stay with
people were interested in whether
retracts in some way what
He made Ruths not those 30,000 packages
that they wanted to charge him that I was there
I was missing the biggest thing, man.
Well, there they are, they are all given.
details about it are all the
details about it I think in fact
It is a story that if people see it
interview that Roops had with Dallas that
I did it too, you know quite a lot.
you doubt what has happened or not and you realize
account of what is there or not
In fact, I think that people are going to
to have more than just the headline. That is
He obviously hasn't swindled 30 thousand
dollars, that is, the initial offer
They never reach 30,000, if not mistaken.
memory 27
from there you are given a discount that was
evidently the mythical one that you make O
be the typical marketing, not worth it
This now you know this but well I tell you
I encourage you to look at this and other topics
What themes are there apart from the rooms there?
the topic
[Music]
You also have to deal with the issue of the
multi-accounts are also touched
It gives you multiple accounts and touches on the ex-boyfriend topic
alleged abuse issue alleged issue
Suicide and things like that are touched upon
your childhood is touched tell me theme Oh how it is
the girl called the first controversy
That topic is also touched on, yes
obviously the coscu theme is obviously touched upon
obviously the subject is touched upon
He has asked him well all the
conversation in which she complains to him
that they don't make it public and everything backwards
Yes, the point is that there are issues that
I can't talk at the moment
No no because there are things I can't do.
say now when look when you leave
Nemo's podcast I'll come here and tell you
I'll give you some little things, okay, I'll give you
some exclusion but
when I get out when I get out I'll give you more
info and the other point is I can tell you
reveal that there is an exclusive that
I think people are going to like it and it is
It is revealed who the sponsor is
ghost of the evening [ __ ] thank goodness and
There is a reason why there isn't one. That is, there is
reason for me to be a sponsor that
has not sponsored
yes there is absolutely a reason there is a
explanation an explanation an
explanation that will break your ass
but totally yes yes it is Coco
you'll see, you'll see who's there, that is, the
that sponsors
Hey, Coco condemns him in a really [ __ ] way.
I ask the question I ask the question if
condemn coscu Wow, well that's it, see for yourself
that on Tuesday I have Tuesday I do it myself
a hair implant and on Tuesday
starting Tuesday
I see more chances than now
could be a German
Well, I could propose it to see who.
whom
Don't think about it when I brought Dallas
I automatically told him I told him yes
could bring to Beijing and told me that
Biyn, not even if I gave him a million euros
That girl doesn't want a podcast about anything.
I think I've invited her two or three times.
times and no Well let's see if it was one
more interview to see so as not to ask him
nothing she wants to know about
controversial So he wants to touch us Or rather
If you're going to ask him, there isn't, there isn't.
no topic Look there is absolutely no
no controversial topic that is not touched upon
because I dug into the deepest [ __ ]
I've seen all the videos that exist
I have watched all of your controversy and I
How are we going to put it? I have put myself in the
skin of what a hater would think
How do you tell a spectator to look for
that they do one you know a good one
pressed and asked him everything I have
asked about the sexualization of his
character I have asked him about the byte
I asked him about onlyfans, well it is
I have the list here but I have
asked everything, that is, everything that is known
can ask has been asked okay
even things that some agents consider
Well, I don't know if it's something, I don't know how I
I'm going to fix them but I don't appear to
Starting Tuesday I will surely be
youtuber me or rather I will put myself here with him
banana, olive oil or something of course
Apparently there are a couple of weeks left
I'll be there, I don't know if you see what you're going to do
What are you going to do? Well, give me a
Put on a little bit more hair
If you're [ __ ] great
can improve and I'm going to give it a
brush up
You're going to put it exactly Well, by
the population
your your from here from the south and from Elche a
little bit, that is to say, since I've been in
camera I become more obsessed with
I mean, I see myself Yes yes yes Yes apart here
The best is not seen so much but I
obsessed with that And yes yes yes yes yes yes of
It's true that I get very negative, that is, me
when I see the but then but then
What is this one called?
evening that was not the one that made it
erotic content
street vendor tells you Smash
He told me, he told me already, while I was like that
when I make three or four challenges and
when the personal trainer returns and
If you put love into a photo, it gives me more
Oh well
I don't trust in love, so be careful Muran
Hey, the one who has the one who messed up the one who formed
and it went very unnoticed, you know how?
Well, okay, little is said about that.
amurantito of that match and Hey by the way
you monetize the tiktok
TikTok doesn't work for me, I don't have it on, no, no
I have to earn a lot of money
I think I have 67 million views
in Tito a month and I don't charge me, I don't get paid
They pay nothing, let's go. I don't know.
I don't have it monetized but I
I must have made visits on TikTok, what do I know?
150 million or so, but what do I care?
same or so again that I don't
I do it for money, so it's irrelevant to me
I mean, obviously if they paid, I don't know.
20,000 euros a month for tiktok because it
I would monetize you know but to win what?
I know 1000 euros I say I prefer that there isn't any
ads and that a priori has more reach
because they take it and that's it and I
It doesn't matter and in fact I have done it on YouTube
said What there is no such option I do not know why
Why YouTube hasn't thought about it yet
YouTube tells me to hit a button where
in exchange for them taking 100%
of what they go to my channel give me more
reach I accepted it, I don't care
earn money for the Canal only what
I really want what I do to reach
people, that is, my objective is that of
done I think that
which gives it more scope because
I don't know the truth, it gives me the
printing today on YouTube today
Today on YouTube it has more reach than
be monetized if it wouldn't be
demonetized But why me for example
on my crypto channel that I have one
very small community that community I
The other day I saw that in the live shows you
you could put ads while you are in
direct and people were complaining to me and I said
Host Sorry I removed the live stream I removed the
ads, that is, it was an option that was
I had put them alone, I removed them and I don't have them
ads in the live streams and I only have
an announcement on my crypto channel
I put an ad on the second zero zero
and now for this to be positioned and
Ready in the podcast yes I think they put it in
ads But why don't I wear that?
You know if there is some other one
advertisement but also why the [ __ ]
podcast makes sense That if we are going to
make a content of I don't know how many thousand
hours put some ads because
If not, YouTube will tell you to leave.
to take a walk and in the end damn there is
very large expenses on that channel if
I can make tables, so much the better.
You know, but today I lose him.
a lot of money to the podcast but
I lose. Maybe
5,000 or 10,000 euros per month or so
you will pay for an idea and more than you will get
lose because I want to improve it but I
I think we will reach a point of
inflection in which we would be like
just as he must be winning
50,000 a month from the podcast, you know, yes
So I think it will get to that point.
and when that point comes, I'll say damn
Look, I have made an investment and it has
came out well, earning more than 50,000 euros
to the podcast very calmly
I had it, you see, I don't know later
[Music]
what we want to know even if not
information what do you think about the topic of the
scam your opinion on the evidence that
has presented and boxing and threats
what have they done to the partner?
Who is the partner?
I don't understand what you are referring to, guys.
like patches like telling the kid no
Boy, I understand that they are referring to Roops
my opinion of roops do you want his opinion
Roops looks after something else
Only
The White Project has been going on for almost months
which has had 100 million views
I mean yes but he doesn't have any tiktok no
upload any tiktok on the on the on the Ah
in The Wild Project they don't go up
Because if there are shorts, if they are not shorts
If there are 100 million videos, it is a
madness is more than 100,000 turkeys that
It will be about 200,000 if it goes up short, of course.
There will be many visits from here.
There will be many visits that are from Shore
but let's go
50,000 turkeys, no one can take it away from you.
I think that 50 makes it easy for me.
I don't know if it will also have some kind of
sponsor or something but for monetization
50,000 makes them quite easily worth it.
that what we were talking about that they have not
asked
It will really change your life to know
my opinion is to say or rather the opinion of
the boxing test scam
and threats that have been made to the guy
Rocks and also the hate that has
fed nimu my mother
it's like super
intense I would tell you guys to watch the
podcast do you know why because I
I can give my opinion after having
talked to her after having me
watched all the videos after having
heard everything about having recovered this
Well, it would cost an opinion that I have already
formed after having investigated
having listened to the person and not you
I want to condition, that is, I don't want to
condition anyone Not what I want
is that you investigate everything that
you want to listen to all the parties that
you want and know another version of what
occurred with more data than is the one that is
share in the podcast and hence the
people take an opinion I in no way
case I intend to whitewash anyone in my
podcast what I intend is that the
people can tell their story and
new I invite coscu I invite miare
I invite Wismichu, I invite whoever wants
come I don't care if they are on one side of
another I don't know if I explain myself in the way that the
People think I only bring people
as on one side you know what plan I bring
to people who I don't care about
I am delighted that anyone who wants to come
Obviously, there will be people who will be
more difficult for them to count one
story that almost with the viewer
because there really are people who are
a piece of [ __ ] person but still me
I will give them a chance and I will
treat with the utmost possible objectivity and
without any biased opinion
I explain, I will try to make it really
have a space there which by the way I have
seen that you have put a topic here
I would like to talk and then I'll give it to you.
close to the live well that is the subject of
ibai condemns rubiales
I'll see it but come on, they told me about it in
the group that was there for their live performance
today he has condemned How good that in the end
the topic of rubiales I have not yet
given my opinion I am compiling
information to be a good video
tomorrow And surely what I'm going to do
It is a good program on telesalseo with
a guest that I will tell you about tomorrow
But I think La Opinin is fine.
that each of the blond ones has
There are people who say that it is not that much there
people who say yes and such we hope so
that is crazy It is when they have told me no
I was going to go and dedicate that directly to
condemn blondes and not only that
but supports his expulsion and
has invited the players to a String
I give you my opinion
My opinion is I haven't seen that clip.
The thing about rubiales is good, it's bad, I don't
This person knew men's soccer
I don't give a damn, imagine the feminine still
more I mean no I don't know of any I'm zero
football fan from there if he has done
something wrong that is what I understand that you
gave a kiss to a girl that girl
I don't want to offend with my comment
because I don't know but I understand that
was a lesbian maybe
I don't know but it doesn't matter, well no, no, for
For me it could give, for me it is important
because if he were heterosexual we don't know
if they could really have a relationship
them and that it was not public is worth it
That clarified it, it doesn't matter. Say no.
had no relationship opposes that it is
lesbian or whatever in that case is
inappropriate because you are violating
the privacy of a person in the
moment in which you enter into your knowledge
I can't steal a kiss from you
Whoever wants That seems wrong to me they must
That's why I think so, yes, no.
It would be too much to fire a person
to give you an important position in a
important moment and that and that
fail to comply with, let's say, something basic, which is that
You can't steal kisses from people now.
well if the other girl had said no
It is not within a context of friendship
I don't care etcetera if she had
defended the other Then I wouldn't throw him out
Let me explain. Not in the way that I would just throw it away.
in case it is an attitude that is wrong
From there to what they now call abuse, I don't know.
Good thing I'm not going to go in there anymore.
because I don't even know what abuse is anymore
I think people are very
sensitive about these issues lately And
then the eBay issue I think is going to happen
played the card of good it is said
[ __ ] that I can point to a person who
he has done wrong and brought I don't know how many
girls here and I don't know what [ __ ] great about
all the ibai girls events by
something is like that because I have seen
ibai events where there are four boys
that I know and you And everyone and
four girls it's my first time
I see them okay And I usually know everyone
the world in the sector is small
Because I've been here for many years then
when I see people completely
random at an eBay event for being
woman I say maybe they put them in because they are
woman not because they have 1,000 or two thousand or
three thousand viewers because they have 50
viewers you know then that is important
So I think he has done the
and that's it. It seems fine to me.
It seems bad. Well, you have to understand that
ibai is a brand that already goes beyond
From the streamer Escoy is everything he
represents also likes the
football So I don't think it's bad, I don't think so.
It seems wrong but I understand that he does it
from the point of view of him, I cook well
I also tell you and I would ask there Why
what if it gets wet and with coscu it doesn't say
nothing That's my question
The fact that he has his opinion is important to me.
and take advantage of it to put on one
medal and invite the player
It seems apart from opportunistic that it
I would do it for propaganda, not propaganda
Progress because I believe it was going to be and it is the
Pedro Snchez's favorite streamer
It seems that it owes something to the weight, huh?
I don't really know what the hell is going on with him.
It happens with the PSOE but
Yes, it is true that you have to have the
very very hard with which this one came out
year with the evening 3 that the uncle has not
dear and by force he wanted to keep quiet
of coscu and that he had it in the mein
event And now he takes everyone, that is
That's already having a face like that.
the cement is blown or rather it is
The blow is how I'm going to go out with all my
damn face I'm going to go out with all my
damn face to condemn a kiss
Of course what I don't understand is why
condemns a kiss but does not condemn a photo
I don't know, I'm asking in a positional way, that is to say
when you are going to condemn if you don't want to
condemn nothing condemn nothing but
You also have to know that what I
I criticize mainly not that the
people condemn or not condemn I criticize the
double standards in the Dallas plan
They will say whatever they want or they can
say of all the but gives the signs
points to everyone equally
criticizes random people on tiktok so much
As famous youtubers you know then
You say, well, look, Dala is dedicated to the
criticism and that's it, then you find yourself
A person like Ibai who, with weight
that he has, well, I understand that he doesn't want to
wants to criticize anyone because it's super
strong is a super important guy who
moves a lot of people and prefers
refrain from controversy, which I respect
and I share if I were Him surely
I wouldn't get into controversy today either.
I can get into controversy or I can give my opinion
of whatever because I repeat I am a gift
nobody then if I had the let's say
the Boom that he has Well maybe he would have
that I should measure my words more because
damn there are millions of people who go to
take what you're saying but the
false let's say that double standard is
What bothers me do you know why with him?
coscu topic you don't say anything and with the topic
What was the name of this blond guy?
I don't understand about wetness, you know, man. Yes, it is.
I understand
It is called falsehood and it is called that in
reality what you have thought about the subject of
Rubiales doesn't think about it, he does it
simply to put on a medal or
be here two options or in the topic
Rubiales doesn't think about it and is doing it
to put on a medal and win
a few applauses and so on and let them say what
Well, it's the noble giant or in the subject
of Goku, that is, because if he thinks about it
Rubiales theme in the Goku theme thinks
worse So here are two options or
as
He knows that Coco's thing costs horribly and
It still says it but
is that you are not valuing something no
you are valuing one thing and it is What if it goes and
believes he is innocent
How can you believe that Goku doesn't
has done nothing wrong, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
I don't think he's innocent But
the point is but but the point of yes goes
there everyone knows that he has a very
good relationship with Costco then you can
be that coscu is new What
We were talking with Ricky about a context that
we don't have I think it's very difficult
Okay, there are cases like this that I see very
difficult and I actually share your vision
that there he has really done the hours
very bad but you have to give it 3% of
probability that he was really going there
Believe it if you believe it that would justify it
what is happening now that has not
wanted to get involved in a topic in which
He thinks he's innocent, I don't know anything about him.
or there will be or will have been conversations
with coscu who is not interested in coscu
get angry with him or be interested in him, it may be
also or any move for which not
He had the balls of Charlo but
better not think it's that bad or so
that would be another option that doesn't seem right to you
Cusco is not that bad either and he doesn't
It doesn't seem so bad either the spell or the
of blond and is falsifying the two
but what doesn't make sense
It is the one that comes out the evening that has been set
in the Main to a person with all the
things he has done are worth it because he is there
live the conversation you have in
directly with the girl is the thing in the photo
That is, at least remove it from the Main Event
Until the guy comes out to apologize and
The guy retires, only he understands me. But
the subject has covered it up, or rather, it has covered it up
He has not wanted to talk about the subject.
dodged the topic had even been banned
in your chat the topic so that you do not
ask about the subject and now you're going to tell me
I was coming now you're going to come to me and it's going to
go with the blonde theme to hit you here
a feminist medal that and tomorrow
You know what's worse than tomorrow
remember tricks and take this clip and
put it on Twitter tomorrow This is worth it
tomorrow and I'm not going to watch the clip anymore because
I have already discussed the subject with you and I believe
that at the end of the live with this
culmina
You don't need to see it. I'll see it myself.
I'm talking here with you tomorrow everyone
The headlines in the press will be and will be
to take a step forward and get wet
against and they are going to use the word
device as if it were the word of God
like look look your [ __ ] is great and goes and
that you haven't cut a hair and you have
spoken rubiales Vale when they did not take out
not a single good headline, a lie
In just 20 minutes they took out a
headline of the topic of coscu the false ones of
Movistar and that's why I don't have anything
against them they have me
interviewed and I have nothing in
against them and I have a relationship
cordial with them. In fact, no, but it is
They spend all day tweeting little things and
silly thing that appears on a fan account
of youtubers instead of a means of
communication and with all that came out
They haven't even made a [ __ ] headline about it
from coscu uncle, that is, they made headlines of
that they kicked me out of London they took out
headlines that Dallas
He threatened in the video that chardeo they took out
headlines of everything and they haven't released a single one
[ __ ] headline about what's happening with coscu and
that it was the star theme of the
evening And of course then to Movistar
Well maybe he's not interested in taking it out
news that does not interest iba I
because then they can't be there
taking pictures on the day of the party in
the red carpet and covering the event
No. And then let's see, I think there is
one thing we have
core because tomorrow the headlines of
all the media are and goes and has gotten wet
and he goes and doesn't hold back and is in
part of the good ones
I think that for me there is a very point
key is to understand that for example
when you speak you give your opinion on this topic or
when I do it when Dallas does it
We are people who in a certain way give us
a bit like what the media later
They can say about us, it gives us a little bit
just like what brands may think
because in the end we go a little to our
ball no then there is more freedom of
expression I think what happens when
You are ibai again, you are a brand
very big and there are a lot of people who
In the end it depends on you and you have given it
work or must be giving work to
tens or hundreds of people then
counts when there are so many people that
It depends on him, I understand that he measures each
step that takes and at that point I can
understand that for a business reason he says
Look, here I am interested in doing this.
because I'm going to be in all the
headlines coming across as something good
then unfortunately
that's the way life is in life
In business there are many hypocritical people and
many people who can do something
talk about other things then good
for that too There is a little this
type of channels not like the community that
you have and that's why we won't go to the
links are always a huge pleasure
called no no Javi yes to me no
They watch it in the slams, you come to see it in
the public depends on who goes
next to you I put you next to those who
They may not get worse, but it depends on you.
whoever goes but if the Spanish team
feminine is to investigate because it is already known
They have rioted before to oust someone
It's very strange everything that happens there
We will talk tomorrow, surely at some point
direct special with professionals I don't
I mean to see it depends on what it depends on
It depends, it depends, but I don't know, I don't think so.
TRUE
Thank you very much, always a pleasure.
having you here and
wishing for a little saint, a little saint That
take that out
have the teaser when you have the teaser
I'll send it to you and if you want before
publish it to the whole world
We react to it exclusively if you want
Wow bomb when is that well when it is
Let's have it, I'm telling you, it doesn't depend on me.
It depends a little on the equipment but if it
we can have Normally we have or the
same day or the day before
at the latest so we can do
Those with a camera other than me, you know
No, no, let's see, Monday we're not going to do it.
have not even crazy
No way, because we have it. Let's go.
always up to date but maybe we have it
the 30th 31st with a lot of luck the 30th is
the 30th is Monday, not Wednesday.
On Wednesday the 30th, because I have surgery on the 29th
Of course the 29th but we won't do it before then
I doubt it very much because tomorrow
during the day but still even if not
have a face I think it will be but
the face would be very similar in reaction
What matters is the face, of course, I think
that you're going to like the teaser okay no
It's done yet, it's not done yet, but
I think you'll like it
I think it's going to be a bit like with the
From Dallas, here we go. There I go to you.
having to send a couple of hams
because that is what is going to be there, yes it is going to be
use all the headlines one after another
another I think so I think that's the one
The encouragement podcast is the headline after
headlines of yes is that flow More
even that the Daedalus may be
because the Daedalus then dealt with issues
that I was not interested in dealing with
here
[Music]
I think that I think
I think that he encouraged those things.
point that nimu has so much
so much hate that I think it's going to move
much, or perhaps much more than that of
Dallas you know like I think it's a
bomb, I mean I'm telling you I feel like
see it edited to see what feeling I get
and what feedback does it give me but when I
I finished recording it and said this is a
bomb, I mean I think it has the potential
to reach a million views
he has it, he has it the same little by little
just like the virus one, just like the virus one
before I said Who it was I said the
next will break all records and
the ones shot down or had 7,600 viewers Pillo
like 300,000 visits in one day
which for me raises all the records that
I have on my channel that people
I thought I was going to bring that here
I know a guy who was going to get 2 million
in one day I say let's see what we are in
YouTube you know it's not that easy little by little
little yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I think that
you'll like it
I think you'll like the lemon one.
I think if he breaks the record, let's see.
Also, and I also want you to swear it to me
I want to see your reaction to the teaser I want
I want to see it, you know. Of course, but it's that
You won't see me if it's after the 29th
same but I want to hear you I want
hear your words in real time
watching the teaser because I know what's going to happen
contain the teaser where I have some
things prepared on the triceps
To what extent I am not going to be
visible because the truth is I'm going to see myself
see I understand that maybe the first
I have a day like once that I have not wanted
look at anything because I didn't want to either
worry, I put on a hat that
best when a couple of days pass or
best a couple of days No but when
I spent a week there, I think.
I can put on a cap or something and I can
wearing a cap or not combing my hair a little bit
so mixed up and look I'm going to
save I'm going to save the teaser for you My
idea is to show it to you because I think
that can be Epicardo yes always
with you well done here we see it Yes
Of course I come here and we see it, we see it
If your dick falls to the ground, I'll drop it now.
the four farts
that you have left and I'm leaving
Well, guys, well, a kiss from you.
huge subscribe everyone to sin
fear of success if it stays here
Someone who is not subscribed is always
It's a pleasure to have you here, see you soon.
then very soon within
nothing next week when it's time for nothing
On one knee I hang you a kiss here
huge nothing that goes well kids A
Greeting Goodbye King and I am here
dismissal from the club
I already knew something directly
You take it there I do it directly
direct with the Stream now so that it would be
Good but better this way because also
the comments appear on the screen and the
alerts and so on are not good I like it
that format with delos do it like that And yes
It is true that I am not going to go anymore
treat the rest of that is what ibai did
I'm not going to deal with Ibai anymore, it's just that
I have discussed everything with him, you have discussed it
dealt with him about this [ __ ]
from the Dallas debate hit we have it
I've tried everything so you can see why I'm going to
try again to see if I will do it.
wants to cut off the extracts that don't
I have cut and
Why are you going to get hair if you are not?
bald well because I look a little bit
I think it could be a little better
I also see this area very much
I'm going to be a little skinny and I'm going to put on a
a little better, that is, you won't see either
These are things that happen when one is very presumptuous.
when he is on camera all the time
that all the faults are not seen and now one
He is getting older and looks more and more
more failure guys
Thank you very much everyone, I'll see if
I have time to think that it is 5 o'clock
In the morning I'll see if I have time
to record a newscast for gossip TV
Lie because I don't have an editor Lie
because I don't have an editor. Lie because I don't
I have an editor, guys.
see you see you tomorrow I don't know what
I'll do it tomorrow, I don't know how I'll organize myself
but see you tomorrow see you tomorrow
a big kiss, we love you, we love you
Have a good rest, a big kiss
very handsome to bed to Mimi
[Music]